
There are thousands of things that could be added so I remain on the look out at swap meets, auctions, online and from fellow collectors. You may have something that instead of throwing away might be preserved for future genrations.

ABN Amro has launched a new range of stock market indices, designed to outperform traditional benchmarks with the aid of market timing. The new indices, which will be independently calculated by Standard & Poor's, will be called the ABN Amro Alpha range.

The indices are based on the observation that investors tend to reduce risk in the approach to the end of the month or to public holidays such as Christmas. ABN Amro believes this is because traders usually have to report profits and losses at the end of these periods. They accordingly wish to "lock in" their gains. (MSNBC)

It is true that the pastor Myles Monroe (TBNE, friend Benny Hinn) that inspired my political project, he died in a plane crash? you give me a link of the news?

Excited about Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus? Here is another interesting leak from one of the top tipsters. The Galaxy S9 Plus that is likely to make its debut at MWC 2018 has some interesting news for you.

The renders reveal that the upcoming device holds dual rear camera setup with fingerprint sensor adjacent to the camera lens. If it comes out to be true, the Galaxy S9 Plus is the very first model from Samsung that features a dual rear camera. We can even see quite enhancements in camera quality. With the rear fingerprint sensor concept, we cannot expect S9 Plus to have an inbuilt fingerprint reader.

The information received from @OnLeaks suggests that the S9 Plus differs from its previous flagship both in terms of design and size. While the Galaxy S9 sports single rear camera, there is every possibility for S9 Plus to have a vertically aligned dual rear camera. Alongside the camera sensors, there is a heart rate sensor with LED flash.

As for the design, both S9 and S9 Plus feature the same design and may even come up with the similar processor. They are likely to have Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor. The Galaxy S9 Plus may have a bezel-less front display.

The new phone may measure 157.7 x 73.8 X 8.1 mm which is wider and thicker than Galaxy S8 Plus. This ensures space for larger battery. In terms of size, S8 Plus is 0.1 inches bigger than the latest flagship S9 Plus.

Last month I sat through five productions of Swan Lake, five days in a row. Despite a lifetime of ballet—and having danced the role of a swan in the ballet’s second act—I was hazy on the story’s ending. As perhaps I should be, as I’ve found evidence of nine	

If a statement does not have an {Extranet.*} expression in it, there is no "extra" security applied to the statement.

If a statement has an {Extranet.*} expression in it, there might be "extra" security applied. Specifically:

"Extra" security applied means that the {Extranet.*} expression will be replaced by a sub-query. Which sub-query is used to replace the expression depends on the '*' portion of {Extranet.*}. Examples are below.

Changing the ExtranetDefault setting can be accomplished by creating a ConfigurationEntry row along the following lines:

The cat is out of the bag! According to a leading daily the story of Aamir Khan’s most anticipated movie PK has been leaked out and so also the secret why Aamir khan is seen nude in the poster of the movie!!

According to a reliable source Aamir Khan plays an Alien in the movie, who is tired of malice, violence and vices on his planet hence he comes on earth in search of God so that he can learn how to save his own planet.

However he is left dumbfounded observing similar illiteracy and blind faith among the people of earth and how god men have transformed religion into a business. In the name of spirituality the so called god men are exploiting the faith of the innocent devotees. Disappointed he returns to his own planet.

Readers may recollect few months back a picture of Aamir Khan was leaked from the movie depicting Aamir Khan sporting a shirt and a cap. But the highlight of the picture was the necklaces and beads that he adorned of different god and Taveezes on his arms emphasizing his faith in god.

In fact a source reveals the story of PK is very much similar to Paresh Rawail and Akshay Kumar recent hit OMG Oh My God!; that exposed the nation’s obsession with taweezes and tonsures, fasts and fasaads, the symbolic over the sensible, and conveyed the message - God is to be found in human beings. Since the movie released earlier hence PK had to re-written, but in nutshell, it has the same gist.

In fact, the recent poster of the movie in which Aamir Khan is seen nude holding a transistor is a pointer towards Aamir Khan’s character, who being an alien, is unaware about modesty and dress sense.

Further prior to the official release of PK poster, few stills and pictures of the movie PK were leaked out. A vigilant look reveals Aamir wearing a skirt over a coat in one of the pictures, clearly indicating that being stranger to the earth he is ignorant of clothes or the fact that there are men and women dress differently.

Current heart throb rapper Yo Yo Honey Singh after the success of recent hits like 'Chaar Botal Vodka…', 'Sunny Sunny…', 'Party All Night…', 'Lungi Dance…' and others has been roped in by Star Plus's to mentor young budding singers for their new singing reality show 'India's Raw Star'.

Elated at the astounding success, a humble Honey Singh credited his success to the blessing of his mother and everyone who has helped me. Candidly confessing in interview he said, “I think it is the blessings of my mother that has paved path for success.” He added, “Further I owe my success to Bollywood superstars like Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Ali Khan and Akshay Kumar who showed faith in my talent and gave me break in their movies.”

Honey Singh who has studied music at the Trinity School in the United Kingdom, speaking about the new singing reality show 'India's Raw Star' said, “The show is different from the run of the mill singing reality shows because the show gives platform to those budding young singers who are raw and self learner. They are not imitators of Bollywood legendary singers but have their own imitable style.”

The 31-year-old singer-composer, who is putting his heart and soul in the TV show said, “I am highly excited about the show because when I began my career in singing I used to be a self-learner hence I always motivate such singers. I remember when I won recognition as a music composer and singer in Punjab; I had lunched many budding singers and never used to fiddle with their originality.”

He continues, “Since at India's Raw Star, we are practicing the similar trend hence I would like to be an inspirational mentor, guide and a friend for contestants.”

Another novelty of the show is that there will be no jury to judge the contestants. Instead, the audience and Singh will decide who wins. The show will be hosted by Gauhar Khan.

Towing capability sets a truck apart. If you can back a trailer or heavy load into a tight space – if you can launch a boat with ease – you’re already an expert. But if you want to talk the talk while you’re maneuvering down the road, here’s a handy guide to towing lingo:

Gross Combined Vehicle Weight (GCVW) is the total combined weight of a fully loaded vehicle, including passengers, payload and everything in tow.

Gross Vehicle Weight (GVW) is the total weight of a fully loaded vehicle, including passengers and payload – but excluding all towing.

Curb Weight is the weight of a vehicle without any passengers or cargo, but including all necessary fuel, fluids and standard equipment.

Axle Ratio is the ratio between the revolutions per minute of the driveshaft and the rear axle. In general, a higher number offers more towing power; a lower number offers better engine efficiency.

Trailer Tongue Weight is the downward force exerted on the hitch ball by the trailer coupler. In most cases, it should fall between 10 to 25 percent of GTW.

The Hitch Assembly is mounted to the tow vehicle (most often to the vehicle frame) and includes a hitch receiver, ball mount adapter, hitch ball and wiring harness.

Goose Neck Hitch, a Class V hitch mounted in the bed of a pickup truck, over the rear axle. The trailer connects to a ball socket with a pivoted coupling arm.

Fifth Wheel Hitch, a heavy-duty trailer hitch that mounts inside the bed of a pickup truck. Instead of using a ball hitch, the trailer attaches via a coupling king pin that locks into a large horseshoe-shaped plate.

A Locking Differential restricts the rotational speed of both wheels on an axle. Compared to open differentials, locking differentials are designed to offer increased traction on uneven surfaces.

For a complete guide, towing specs, and common weight estimates on trailers, boats, cars, RVs, construction equipment, upfits, and building materials, visit ramtrucks.com/towing_guide.

Ask M&M 2e rules questions that your fellow gamers can't answer. Only Mutants & Masterminds Line Developer (and creator) Steve Kenson can post replies. He visits the boards in between projects and convention appearances so please be patient!

I have a few questions about some possible errata (for Ultimate Power) that is listed in the errata thread (in some cases) or elsewhere but didn't make it as official errata. Since these issues were mentioned before the Official Errata, I assume they are not errata but I don't understand the mechanics in question so I am hoping you can clarify.

1. Under Paralyze (pg. 70), according to the errata for the Core Rulebook, a paralyzed target can take mental actions but not physical ones. According to Ultimate Power, the paralyzed subject is helpless (no actions period). The errata for Ultimate Power doesn't mention this at all. Which is correct?

2. Under Feedback (pg. 104), doesn't this flaw need to be changed in the same manner that the flaw, with the same name, is changed under the power Telekinesis (pg. 195) according the the Ultimate Power errata.

3. Under Variable (pg. 113), it states that "No trait can have a rank or bonus greater than your Variable structure rank." This was listed as incorrect in the errata when applied to the Shapeshift. Since it was not listed in the errata for Variable, what accounts for the difference?

4. Under Mutation (pg. 175), it states that the user must use extra effort to attempt the power on a subject a second time if a previous attempt failed. This isn't consistent with other Transform effects. Is Mutation as special case?

5. Under Plasma Control (pg. 180), is the alternate power, Melt, supposed to be different from Drain effects? Shouldn't objects be reduced to -10 Toughness before they "are melted into puddles of slag?"

6. Under Shape Matter (pg. 188), since Transmutation, according to the errata, has a Sustained duration instead of Sustained Lasting, shouldn't Shape Matter also have a Sustained duration.

7. Under Silence (pg. 190), shouldn't the power cost 2 or 4 points (instead of 1 or 2) since the Concealment effect cost 2 points per rank. If I am wrong, what is the flaw that reduces the cost. Also, how is a "silent" person heard at all. I understand Concealment allows detection by another acute sense within three range increments but shouldn't a Silent person be completely silent (like an invisible person is completely invisible) and have to be detected by another acute sense besides hearing (unless that is the limitation). Also, the power says the subject can be heard within 30 feet. Shouldn't that be within 3 range increments instead of 30 feet since persons with enhanced hearing (via Super Senses) can hear at much greater distances.

8. Under Superspeed (pg. 193), shouldn't the alternate powers, Takeaway and Whirlwind Attack, have a radius of (rank times 5 feet) instead of (Superspeed times 5 feet), especially since both alternate powers have a lower rank that is only two-thirds of Superspeed.

9. Under Timestop (pg. 197), is the extra No Saving Throw supposed to be +1 or is it supposed to be +2 (as per the description of the extra). If it is +1, what is the flaw that reduces the value of the extra.

I'm not necessarily saying that any of these are errata, they might not be. However, since they weren't listed with the errata for Ultimate Power, I was hoping you could clarify the mechanics so I could understand better. Thank you.

Join the Jewel 99.3 New Orleans Pizza and the Special Kayes as we celebrate Canada Day live from the Big Apple

As has become a Meaford tradition The Special Kayes will be selling Lemonaid as they are joined this year by New Orleans Pizza in their goal to raise $1000 for the Meaford General Hospital

Ace designer Pia Pauro started retailing her collection at Style Loft by ambikapillai, a recently launched multi brand outlet comprising of exclusive designer apparel and jewellery.

Which showcases curated collections by some of the most reputed names in the fashion industry, including Pankaj & Nidhi, Pia Pauro,

Malini Ramani and AM amongst others. Pia Pauro Label has been associated with nomadic elements and vibrant designs which depict a new adventure.

Well known for her bohemian collections, the designer is ecstatic about this new venture which has been put together for all fashion and beauty enthusiasts. While talking about this new venture Pia said “Style loft is an extremely exciting new opportunity for me.

My label has always been synonymous with bohemian prints and dresses, however at the style loft I will be focussing primarily on a range of saris and lehengas as well as Indian resort wear.

It is a fresh concept conceptualised for both the customer and designer and I am honoured to be amidst other top designers.

Guests including Rohit Bal, Sunil Sethi, Suneet Verma, Gauri and Nainika, and Anushka Menon were all seen enjoying every moment of the evening soiree as they browsed through collections.

Join over 30,000 visitors who are receiving our newsletter and regular updates about Bollywood directly in their Inbox.

This author has not added a biography. Meanwhile Raaju has contributed 2954 posts.	Click here	to view them.

Do you want to experience a more youthful appearance as you move forward in time? With our age locking technology, our facial treatments will aid

your complexion and enhance the appearance of fine lines and those problem blemishes, enabling your skin to look and feel healthier and more vibrant.

Bodylean are committed to helping you to look your best. Our state of the art skin care and range of nutritional supplements are formulated and scientifically proven to help you to defy the ultimate signs of ageing.

So why not achieve remarkable results with our non invasive techniques, no pain and no down time, just sheer indulgence as you lie back and let your consultant pamper you.

Autocrafters CARSTAR Collision rallied other local businesses to raise nearly $1,500 for a Lancaster, Pa., cancer patient during October Breast Cancer Awareness month through a unique event – jewelry bingo.

Autocrafters, the corporate sponsor, recently co-hosted a breast cancer awareness fundraiser in conjunction with several local businesses, including Select Jewelers.

“Giving back to someone in the community and bringing the community together to do it is a recipe for just making it happen,” said Dianna Yurko of Autocrafters. “Offering local businesses the opportunity to get involved brings merchants together, pooling their resources and sharing budgets. This is the new B2B relationship marketing platform. It’s ‘live local buy local’ gone to the new level, give local! Our friends at Select Jewelers in Feasterville, Overstock Outlet, Edible Arrangements, Bucks County Breast Friends Support Group, AOH Division 88 Officer Danny Boyle and residents of Feasterville came to help.”

On Oct. 28 , 2015, a fundraising event was held at Select Jewelers of Feasterville. The community stepped in to bring the evening into the spotlight. All jewelry bingo winners left with a jewelry prize. This ladies night fundraiser set out to raise $1,000 and was well on its way when a Dresher, Pa., landscaping business paid forward the gesture of donating. Andrea Cocci Emig, fundraiser recipient, was Facetimed in from her home 100 miles away. Emig is 39 years old in stage 4 cancer. She has battled several cancers and lost her 42-year-old sister to the same cancer last year. The event raised more than $1,200.

Success comes from a deep to desire to win. In order to win, you need to put in the hard work. In order to consistently work hard, you need to stay focused.

In this video, I address why focus is the key to getting into the best shape of your life. Click the link below and let me know what you think.

Hot and cold vacuum flasks available with holding capacity of around 15 years. All are made up with Stainless steel material with stylish appearance and great performance. These best promotional gifts in all seasons because its uniqueness of Hot and Cold-water temperature maintenance.

Describe the results achieved by your project How do you measure (parameters) these. (max. 2000 characters):

You need to upgrade your Flash Player This is replaced by the Flash content. Place your alternate content here and users without the Flash plugin or with Javascript turned off will see this.

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s pregnancy news is no more restricted to India only but internationally also the news is making the waves that she is expecting. It all happened in Dubai when Ash cancelled her interview at the last moment. Her last minute cancellation of the meeting gave fuel to the fire among the small community of Indian journalist in the Middle East that she is pregnant.	"Unless it is a case of dodgy Indian curries that is slowly but surely emanating, the rumour

South sensation Nayantara fights with her boyfriend Prabhudeva when he went out for dinner with Hansika Motwani, the heroine of his flick 'Engeyum Kadhal'. Nayan is very possessive about Prabhu and that he went out with someone else did not go well with her.	She lost her temper and got into a heated argument with Prabhudeva in public. This is not the first time that the couple has hit the headlines for wrong reasons. Last week, the pair was in the limelight for being absent fr

Farah Khan and Shahrukh Khan were best pals once upon a time but now things are no so well between then and the crack in their relationship splashed in ‘Tees Maar Khan’ where Farah Khan poked fun at Shahrukh.	By approaching Akshay Kumar for the film in stead of Shahrukh, damage has already been done and now spooking King Khan in TMK, Farah has left no room for any future reconciliation. Akki spoofs SRK in the film. It was shown that Akki most of the time flies off to Londo

Usually, Amitabh Bachchan is seen with wife Jaya Bachchan, beta Abhishek Bachchan or daughter-in-law, Aishwarya Bachchan on shows and events but this time Karan Johar has roped in very rarely seen Amitabh Bachchan and his daughter Shweta Nanda on chat show, ‘Koffee With Karan’. "Shweta on with me at 'Koffee with Karan'. Shweta and Karan have been the best of friends from when they were five or six years old!" Amitabh posted on his Twitter page.

A picture of Shahrukh Khan kissing a man on his lips is very hot on net. It is the most searched picture on net and surfers are crazily downloading the controversial picture of SRK kissing a man.	Speaking about the authenticity of the photo, a source reveals that it is the picture taken long back when King Khan appeared on a chat show, ‘Jonathan Ross show' and the man shown kissing SRK is the second guest on the show, named John Barrowman.	It was shot during Shahrukh

Karan Johar is leaving no stone unturned to woo actors to come to his talk show, ‘Koffee With Karan’. Next he wants the ‘Dabangg’ hero to have a cup of koffee with him. To persuade the actor, Karan Johar partied at Salman’s apartment till the wee hours of Sunday morning. Reportedly, Sallu Miya has demanded Rs 50 lakh to come to his talk show. If we remember Salman Khan took part in Karan Johar’s show, ‘Lift Kara

The drama in the Bigg Boss house seems to be never ending. Dolly Bindra is back on Bigg Boss but this time we can see a sea change on her behavior. She is not longer loud and behaved sweetly with each of them especially Shweta Tiwari.	She was back on public demand and henceforth Bigg Boss has given her a special status where every member has to look after her comfort and discomfort. In a special task given by Bigg Boss, Dolly Bindra apologized the housemates for her rude behavior and

Sonakshi Sinha performed on the song, ‘Munni Badnam Hui’ from the film 'Dabangg' at the recently held Sahara India Sports Awards 2010 and the very fact did not go well with the main performer Malaika Arora Khan. Ever since the film hit the theatre and the song tops the chartbuster, Malaika has been performing on the popular track during all the events. But when Sonakshi performed the song at the Sahara awards with the same thrill, she was bit upset.	This was Sonaks

We have already informed you that Shahrukh Khan and Karan Johar are going to launch David Dhawan’s son Varun Dhawan and Siddharth Malhotra. Now, the question is who will play the lead heroine to both the debutantes. She is none other than Mahesh Bhatt and Soni Razdan’s younger daughter Alia. Alia will play the love interest to both Varun and Siddharth. The film will be a love triangle and Karan Johar will direct the film. The film will be jointly produced by Karan Jo

Shahrukh Khan and Karan Johar are going to launch two debutantes. The lucky two to get the support of both Shahrukh Khan and Karan Johar in their launching pad is David Dhawan’s son Varun Dhawan and Siddharth Malhotra.	Karan first thought only to produce the film but now he has made up his mind to direct it as well. This is the first time that Karan will direct any newcomers.	A source said, “So far he has only made multi-starrers right from his debut film ‘Kuc

Model Hrishant Goswami evicted from the Bigg Boss house last Friday but the well known model is not at all upset with his eviction because the purpose for which he took part in the reality show has been served. Hrishant Goswami eyes Bollywood. He wanted to make big in the field of acting and helping him to achieve his dream is filmmaker Karan Johar. Few know that KJo is a family friend to Hrishant.	However, it was Karan who suggested Hrishant to take part in the reality show, Bigg Bos

Very recently, we have heard that actress Gul Panag molested during Delhi marathon and now the news is doing the rounds that the ‘Dabangg’ actress Sonakshi Sinha was misbehaved by mob at the 26/11 tribute event held at Gandhi garden near Mantralaya in South Mumbai.	She was harassed by a group of boys. They passed some unpleasant commnents also touched her arm and shoulder. The boys followed her as she walked down the stage and they tried to get too close to her and passed

Popular singer Toshi Sabri who met with a road accident at the Nasik-Pune highway is reportedly in a critical condition. He is undergoing treatment in Nashik’s Wockhardt hospital. His condition is said to be crucial.	One of his band member named, Aatik died on the spot and other member suffered minor injuries. The driver of the car is safe but one person’s spinal chord nearly damaged. Aatik hailed from Jaipur and Toshi from Rajasthan. The band was returning after performin

Bipasha Basu is smitten by someone else. He is not John Abraham but Pakistani singer Atif Aslam. Bipasha is so besotted with the singer that she wants him to sing for her someday.	'Starting my day with Atif Aslam's best songs - playing loudly in my car on my way to location. Wish he would sing all these songs just 4 me,' Bipasha posted on her Twitter page.	These days Bipasha Basu is busy with her first international project, ‘Singularity’ where she is pl

At the recent Sahara India sports award, Shahrukh Khan rock as a host. If he made Sachin Tendulakar danced to his tunes then he had a lot of fun with the married couple, Sania Mirza and Shoaib Malik. Shoaib is introvert and shy, henceforth Sania has asked Shahrukh to share some romantic tips with him.	The moment was filled up with joy and everyone enjoyed the threesome having interesting conversation on stage. "Shah Rukh's strength is the way he talks and he also romances in

Next in the row to face eviction is Hrishant Goswami. He was nominated along with Sameer Soni, Shweta Tiwari, Ashmit Patel, Veena Malik. Out of the four, he got minimum number of votes and finally he had to leave the Bigg Boss house.	In the house, Hrishant was very close to Ashmit Patel. Pakistani actress Veena Malik tried to establish relationship with Hrishant but he showed no interest. Veena then shifted her choice to Ashmit.	Hrishant played the game very well and managed to

Manisha Koirala might not have thought that her hasty comment about wanting divorce would spread like a fire in the jungle and media, reporters, friends, family would chased her crazily to enquire about the truth. She had to pay a heavy price for her remark updated on Facebook. Now her parents are coming forward to clear the weather about her divorce.	Her mother Sushma Koirala charged the media for making the issue big out of nothing which actually was nothing than a normal squabble b

Hrithik Roshan is back home after a brief period of hospitalization. He was rushed to the hospital due to allergic infection on antibiotic intake. Now that he retuned home, he did not allow his sons to see him until fully recovered.	"They'd get so scared if they saw me like this. Though my lips are going back to their normal size, they're still not fully normal. I don't want my sons to see me until I look like myself again," said Hrithik.	Hrithik has two s

Here is a good news for the TV viewers but bad news for the housemates as the trouble factor of the house is returning to Bigg Boss on public demand. She was kicked out of the house following her ugly spat with Shweta Tiwari and Sameer Soni. Every since the loud and irritating Dolly Bindra was evicted from the house, the TRP of the show went down. Audience no longer enjoyed the show.	Looking at her popularity, the channel has decided to re-enter her in the house through wild card entr

All is not well in Karisma and Sanjay Kapur’s paradise. Their marital discord has been making news for quite a long time and now things are quite vivid that their marriage life is truly under serious threat. For quite a long time, Karisma is residing in Mumbai while Sanjay in Delhi. He hardly visits his wife in Mumbai and Karisma also does not visit or stays with Sanjay in Delhi.	In the friend’s circles, there is a hush-hush that Sanjay and Karisma headed for splitville an

On-screen their chemistry might rock but off-screen there is little ill-feeling. After working together for five years if one gets formal, it is obvious to get hurt. Akshay Kumar who used to be very frank with his co-star Katrina suddenly got formal and wished her in the morning. Kat was hurt with his sudden change in his behavior.	Reveals Katrina, "After five years of working with Akshay, I am lucky if he comes in the morning and says hello. It's not because he is rude. It&#

Yana Gupta’s pantyless picture is viewed crazily on the net but the item girl is neither shocked nor embarrassed over the incident rather she laughed over the whole incident and in fact expressed her desire to endorse some underwear brand. “I used to be known as an item girl. Now I will be known as a no-panty girl. I should do an ad for some underwear brand with a tag line saying: ‘I’ve got them NOW’.” she laughs off.	Yana explained ho

Popular singer Toshi Sabri who shot to fame with the reality show, `Amul Star Voice of India` and composed music for films like `Jashnn`, `Raaz 2`, `Jail` and `Veer` met with a major car accident on the Pune-Nashik highway today morning. He was retuning with his band after performing in Shirdi during wee hours. Their vehicle collided with a truck.	Toshi was admitted to Wockhardt hospital in Nashik. Narrating the incident, his singer brother Sharib Sabri, said, "I was in Mumbai wh

It is now proved that Manisha Koirala has some major issues with husband Samrat Dahal. She moved to her parents’ place few days before she put up her marriage status on Facebook. It proves that trouble is really brewing in Manisha’s marriage. In her Facebook, she posted that she wants divorce from Samrat. But after a moment, she deleted it.	A source reveals, "Manisha had already moved out of her house with Samrat (Dahal) days before putting up the post on the social n

In a love story, kissing scene is said to be quite natural. Following the trend, Deepika Padukone also lip-locked her co-star Imran Khan in Danish Aslam’s debut film, ‘Break Ke Baad’. They share a steamy kiss in the movie.	For Deepika Padukone, kissing on-screen is not a big deal and she is comfortable with the idea but for Imran Khan kissing his co-star is as difficult as a fight scene.	In the movie, Deepika plays Aaliya and Imran plays Abhay. Both are childh

Sonam Kapoor and Deepika Padukone’s unpleasant comment about Ranbir Kapoor did not go well with Rishi Kapoor and mom Neetu Singh. They replied back to both the actresses and also showed their annoyance to Karan Johar who hosted the talk show, ‘Koffee With Karan’. Rishi Kapoor charged Karan of provoking both the actresses to pass ridiculous comment about their son. On the chat show, Sonam Kapoor and Deepika Padukone who was linked up with Ranbir spoke funny and silly things

Veteran actress Tanuja has set a bad example for children. During a charity functions held for children, she was caught smoking in the public. While the kids were performing on the stage, Tanuja was enjoying the butt.	She was not the only one to smoke during the event. Joining her in this crime was her friend and actress Anju Mahendroo. She was also spotted sitting in the middle of the crowd and puffing the butt.	Smoking in the public is strictly prohibited and persons involve

Shahrukh Khan has done the impossible. He has made the ace cricketer of the world Sachin Tendulkar dance during the recently held Sahara India Sports Awards where Shahrukh Khan was the host. To make Sachin dance on the stage was a challenge which Virendra Sehwag had thrown to Shahrukh.	King Khan called Viru on the stage to dance. Viru in return bet Shahrukh that if he can make Sachin dance on the stage then he would do anything for him. Shahrukh took up the challenge, went up to Tendu

Many hold the feeling that hottie Pamela Anderson's stay in the house was very dull. Audiences wanted to have more of the sexy lady but what she offered could not satisfy their thirst as they expected some more activities from her side. It was very shocking on their part. But more shocking will be the news which we are now going to share with the audience. Buzz is that Pamela Anderson never stayed in the Bigg Boss house with the housemates.	Before signing the papers, she has made

Now the girls should get ready to feel the heat. Bigg Boss is geared to send another Hollywood star in the house and this time, it’s a male. He is none other than the famous Rambo, Sylvester Stallone. He will spend few days in the house as a special guest.	Sylvester Stallone might be new to Indian television but he has tasted Bollywood films. He has shared screen space with Akshay Kumar and Kareena Kapoor in ‘Kambaqht Ishq’.	He is very famous in India and defi

On their first wedding anniversary, Raj Kundra gifts Shilpa Shetty an apartment in Burj Khalifa in Dubai. During a visit, Shilpa desires to have an apartment at the world’s tallest building and Raj fulfills her wish on their first anniversary as an anniversary gift.	Says a source close to the actress, "Shilpa was thrilled when Raj gifted her the luxury apartment. It's his wedding anniversary gift to her.	He gifted her the keys in Mumbai a week ago. She had visite

After ‘Dhoom 2’, Jodhaa Akbar’ and ‘Guzaarish’, another film that is coming up where we can see Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan together is an adaptation of Hamlet. This would be Vishal Bharadwaj’s last and final adaptation of Shakespeare’s work. Earlier he has done Maqbool which was taken from Shakespeare's Macbeth and Omkara based on the Bard's Othello. He is keen to cast the pair together and according to a rel

Item girl Yana Gupta was spotted without her innerwear at a charity award function. Though Yana tried many poses to hide her secret asset, it all ended in a smoke and she went up showing which no one usually shows.	Dressed in a black short outfit, Yana made an attempt to hide her secret lower part while getting out of the car but who can avoid the paparazzi. Finally, they captured the Kodak moment. Similar instances occurred with Shamita Shetty also, she was once caught w

Madhur Bhandarkar’s ‘Heroine’ is hitting the headlines for its heroine. After Kareena Kapoor walked out of the project citing dates problem, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has been approached. The script wooed Ash but one barrier in the story is the intimate scene. The script demands intimate scene which the actor did not agree.	Buzz is that Madhur Bhandarkar will now rework on the script and would chop off the love-making scene. The source said, "Madhur h

After making her debut with Salman Khan in ‘Dabangg’, Sonakshi Sinha will play Akshay Kumar’s love interest in ‘Joker’. This will be Shirish Kunder’s second film as a director. The first film he directed was ‘Janemaan’ which doomed at the box office. Shirish reasons for choosing Sonakshi, "Sonakshi fitted the role perfectly. Hers is an extremely performance oriented character which is there throughout the film with Akshay. Be

Hollywood star Pamela Anderson’s stay in the Bigg Boss house was very short but she has flown away to Los Angeles with lots of Indian stuff as a symbol of memory. Pamela Anderson has taken with her the white embroided saree designed by designer Ashley Rebello. She has made her entry in Bigg Boss with that saree.	“I am taking some saris with me. The channel guys were very kind and they gave me two saris. I also wore an Ashley Rebello lehenga-choli for one of the days and I

You might be wondering why Imran Khan is living with Avantika in her house when marriage is so close. The reason is Imran Khan’s house is under renovation and so he and his mother has moved in at Avantika’s place. They are going strong and steady for eight years and they have a good understanding between them. Imran speaks out, "My bungalow belonged to my grandpa (late Nasir Hussain). The time had come to do it up all over again. It required a lot of repair for

After two years of rivalry, King Khan called up filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali and praised him for his new release, ‘Guzaarish’. In a conversation of 20 minutes, Shahrukh Khan praised Sanjay Leela Bhansali for his brilliant work.	Things went wrong between them when SRK passed some unpleasant comment about ‘Saawariya’. Bhansali took his comments to the heart and the duo almost stopped exchanging pleasantries. But ‘Guzaarish’ written a new history of

Manisha Koirala is just married for five months and what she has posted on the social networking sites has taken everyone by suprise. The actress wrote that she wants divorce from her husband Samrat Dahal. But what sound strange that few hours after she posted her thought, she deleted it.	But Manya least have the knowledge that once anything been uploaded on the site, it reaches to the millions in a fraction of second. Last Friday, she has posted the silly thing on Facebook that

Bollywood actress Gul Panag had a horrible experience during the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon 2010. She was inappropriately touched by men during a sudden stampede. But the incident has not taken Gul by surprise as this is very natural in Delhi.	"I am not at all shocked by the instance. It is most likely to happen if you are in Delhi. I just wonder when it's going to change, the typical north Indian male mentality. Just by having pretty roads and good infrastructure at places,

Hrithik Roshan was immediately rushed to hospital after popping an antibiotic. The antibiotic caused allergic reaction and Hrithik was immediately admitted to hospital. 15 minutes of delay might have proved fatal.	"It was an allergic reaction to the antibiotics I was taking. Lungs and throat went into spasm. I reached hospital just in time...All cool now. I'm under observation," Hrithik said from the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital Sunday night. The reac

Public sympathy is all with Sameer Soni. The official website of Bigg Boss is flooded with messages to bring Sameer Soni back. When the decision of Bigg Boss came, Sameer was heartbroken, he felt that injustice was meted to him because he stood against a person who is violent and don’t have any tax on her mouth. Dolly Bindra insults and picks up fights with anyone in the house without any reason.	According to a source, “Sameer Soni was very agitated by Bigg Boss as he thou

Doing four to fives films in a year is not a matter of joke. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has proved her capability, power, energy to act in four films in a year. Year 2010 has been very hectic for Aishwarya but Ash feels that her life has been hectic from the 12th standard.	"I keep joking that the pace of my life has been so hectic ever since high school. From Class 12, when I was a science student, till date it has only been a hectic pace and that`s the only pace perhaps m

Bhojpuri actor Raja Chaudhary was today arrested for creating ruckus and physically assaulting girlfriend Shraddha Sharma, a small time actress. Raja during odd hours arrived at Shraddha’s apartment and both started fighting regarding some personal issues at the top of their voice. Hearing their dispute, neighbors called up the police. The couple did not stop fighting even the police intervened.	Shraddha was spotted with bruises and injuries. She was admitted to Suraj Hospital i

Lara Dutta and Mahesh Bhupathi’s affair is open to all. All are acquainted about their engagement and relationship. Mahesh is legally free from his first wife and can tie the knot with his sweetheart at any time. At the launch of the fitness video, Lara Dutta gets candid about her wedding date. The actress said that the wedding would surely take place, as they are engaged but not sure of the date.	She added that they would think about the auspicious time only after she completes

‘Koffee With Karan’ always brings something new and excitement. In the last episode, we have seen Imran Khan and Ranbir Kapoor lip-lock to grab a role in ‘Dostana 2’ while in the coming episode; we will have two beauties sharing some secret about the man they desired for. Both Sonam Kapoor and Deepika find married men incredibly sexy. Deepika reveals that in her college days, she had a huge crush on Arjun Rampal.	Sonam Kapoor chose Farhan Akhtar. Deepika also m

Finally, the proud parents of the twins heaved a sigh of relief as their babies come home today from hospital. Manyata Dutt was released from the hospital after she gave birth to twins but left their newborn in the hospital under doctor supervision as the babies were born premature. Manyata had to make many rotations to the hospital to feed her babies but now the twins headed for their sweet home.	Their first outings was on mom Manyata’s and aunt Priya’s arms. Sanjay wante

Pamela Anderson has become an oomph factor in the house. Her presence in the house has given a new josh among the youngster. Hrishant Goswami and Ashmit Patel, the two young hearts of the Bigg Boss 4 house are doing everything to woo the hot sexy Hollywood babe. Pamela gelled well with every housemate and participated in the household chores like sweeping, washing utensils. In between, she has taken sometime to take sunbath in the swimming pool of Bigg Boss 4 house and giving her company is

Mallika Sherawat has all the oomph factor to make guys fall weak at her knees. She is the hottest actress of Bollywood and now she is wooing Hollywood too with her dare bare act. In ‘Love Barack’, she has enacted a baring act with skimpy attire flaunting her assets over the car bonnet and making all crazy. It is viewed on the net crazily.	Footage of the sequence has leaked on YouTube with over 90,00 net surfers. She was shown on car bonnet wetty and soapy. In the film, she

Gentleman Sameer Soni was stunned with the decision of the Bigg Boss. He stood against his friend and TV actress Shweta Tiwari and was thrown out of the house for breaking rules. Dolly Bindra who left no stone unturned to pick up fights and humiliated her inmates in every step was openly challenged by Sameer and Shweta.	But after monitoring the fights carefully, Bigg Boss has found both Sameer and Dolly guilty. Soni admits, "Frankly what happened towards the end did trouble me. I

Hollywood star Pamela Anderson who entered the Bigg Boss house in a desi avatar gelled with all the housemates. The housemates make sure that their foreigner guest does not feel any problem and they are taking best care of her. Hrishant Goswami and Ashmit Patel were specially seen looking after Anderson’s comfort and discomfort. On the show, Pamela showed her womanly side, she help the housemates in cleaning the house and doing household chores.	Seema Parihar made parathas and s

Though the couple has never accepted or denied their relationship, according to the latest report trouble is brewing in Katrina Kaif and Ranbir Kapoor's love life. They almost stopped talking. The reason of their dispute is said to be Ranbir Kapoor’s new co-star Nargis Fakhri with whom the actor has developed a special comfort level. Kat feels that Ranbir is too inclined towards her new lady and is neglecting her while Ranbir insists that they are just friends.	After the sho

Former Miss Universe and Bollywood actress Sushmita Sen is turning 35 this Friday and the she is all set to celebrate the D-day in her own way, completely different than how she has celebrated before. She would be flying to her mother in Dubai with her two adopted daughters, Renee and Alisah but minus any man.	This is a high time that Sush get married, we think so but the lady who lives life on her own terms doesn’t think so. Her answer is, "I'm in no hurry. But I do kn

Aamir Khan has again don ‘Ghajini’ look. He has shaved off his hair. It is assumed that he has chopped his hair for his new film. Aamir Khan is a perfectionist and he can go to any extent to bring perfection to his role. He takes every pain to look perfect. Whether going bald or growing thick moustache, he never compromises with his role. It is believed that his new avatar is for his new film to be directed by Reema Kagti and co-produced by Aamir and Excel Entertainm

Dolly Bindra picked up fight again in the house with Shweta Tiwari and in the consequence, she and Sameer Soni was evicted by Bigg Boss. They were thrown out of the house for breaking rules. Dolly Bindra got violent in the show and in order to stand her point, she became physical. Regarding some issues, she had a heated argument with Shweta when Sameer Soni intervened. Out of anger, she holds Shweta’s hand.	Then Bigg Boss made an announcement and remind them about the rules that

Sonam Kapoor and Bipasha Basu bond over fashion and fitness during the shooting of ‘Players’ in Goa. Sonam Kapoor finds Bipasha Basu too hot.	The unit members accepted cold vibes between the two beauties but when Bips joined the cast and the crew ten days after the shooting started, their assumption appeared to be totally wrong as the two ladies bonded amazingly well.	Says a source from the production, "Both the girls have action-oriented, sexy and highly glamo

Baywatch star Pamela Anderson has entered the Bigg Boss house as a celebrity guest for three days and she says that she is ignorant about Salman Khan.	"I have heard about Salman through media. I have seen a few Bollywood films but I don't remember any of the actors by their name. Maybe, if I see him I will be able to recognise him (Salman)," she said. Pamela also said that she is not a reality show fan. "I am not a fan of reality shows. I love tra

Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan refused to perform at the big fat gutka wedding. Says a source, "The couple was offered to perform at the wedding between two guthka families and were offered almost Rs 4 crore but they turned it down. They had taken a decision over a year ago that no matter what the price offered, they would not dance at wedding functions for strangers. That is strictly reserved for family and friends."	Saif comes from a royal family and dancing

It was their first interface after their break-up. Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor bumped into each other in a TV studio in Mumbai recently. The two met backstage of ‘Koffee With Karan’. Ranbir Kapoor came out after completing his interview and Deepika Padukone stepped in to shoot hers.	Says an eyewitness about their interaction, “We had no instructions to ensure they didn’t bump into each other. The entire unit was stunned when they came face to face. They

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is down with high fever ahead of the release of Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s ‘Guzaarish’. As a result, she could not accompanied the cast of the movie to promote the film.	"Aishwarya is not travelling to Delhi. She is down with fever. She has had a hectic week of promotions," her spokesperson informs.	She had two back to back releases in the past, ‘Robot’ and ‘Action Replayy’, following such a hectic schedule

Pamela Anderson, the beach babe will not be seen in a bikini in Bigg Boss. As she is in India, she is most likely to don a saree. Fashion designer Ashley Rebello will design her saree. She will flaunt her secret assets in a saree specially designed by Rebello.	Rebello confirmed the news, "They contacted me just sometime back and told me that this is something they wanted urgently. However I told them that I don't have her measurements and they sent these to me on Monday eveni

Baywatch star Pamela Anderson arrived in Mumbai last night and with her arrival a chaos created at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport. Dressed in a long grey outfit, Anderson flew all the way from Los Angeles for the reality show Bigg Boss. Her duration of stay in the house is not yet fixed.	Even it was raining and her flight was two hours late, media person awaited for her with bated breath to capture the first glimpse of the hot star. As Pamela walked out of the airport,

Katrina Kaif sheds her inhibitions for the item number ‘Sheila Ki Jawani’ in ‘Tees Maar Khan’. She is going to soar the temperature at the box office with her raunchy item number. Its choreographer turned filmmaker Farah Khan who has brought the sexier side of Kat for the first time on-screen. Buzz is that Katrina Kaif looks really hot and sexy in white satin saree half draped.	When enquired about the song, Farah said, “‘Sheila Ki Jawani’ was

25 crores have been spent on Bollywood stars to perform or attend at a wedding. It’s a big fat wedding of a gutka family of Delhi. The bride and the groom are Monica Arora and Mayank Jain. The week long celebration will have Bollywood celebrities like Shahrukh Khan, Katrina Kaif, Salman Khan, Lara Dutta, Urmila Matondkar, Raveena Tandon Thadani and Sushmita Sen. Neil Nitin Mukesh, Zayed Khan, Jacqueline Fernandes will also add glitter to the wedding. The pre-wedding celebr

Akshay Kumar lost his temper over Katrina Kaif for keeping him waiting so long during the music launch of ‘Tees Maar Khan’ on train ride from Mumbai to Lonavala. According to an eyewitness, "They were to do joint interviews together for the media but every five minutes Katrina would run off to touch up her make up and hair.	Akshay was patient for the first few times but when she went off to check the mirror for the umpteenth time, the patient actor lost

After splitting-up with Ranbir Kapoor, Deepika Padukone is not only enjoying Siddharth Mallya’s company but she is also loving foot massage given to her by her ‘Break Ke Baad’ co-star Imran Khan.	There is a scene in ‘Break Ke Baad’ where Imran needs to massage her feet but the actress later discovered that Imran is really good masseuse. "Deepika was in for a big surprise when Imran gave her the best foot massage she ever had. She had no

News is doing the round that ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ fame Frieda Pinto tied the knot with Dev Patel. This wedding news irked Frieda and she vehemently denies the report caling it stupid. In a recent interview Freida clarified “I am seeing Dev but people are never satisfied. One day they write us off as saying we’re not together and the next day we’re together and getting married.	It’s so stupid.” Freida’s spokesperson too deni

Ranbir Kapoor is said to be reason of Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra’s break-up. Ever since Priyanka Chopra acted with Ranbir Kapoor in ‘Anjaana Anjaani’, they fought almost everyday. It irked Shahid the most when knowing everything; Piggy Chops signed Anurag Basu’s film ‘Silence’ opposite Ranbir.	Says a source, "Shahid was getting jealous and increasingly uncomfortable about Priyanka's growing proximity to Ranbir. He then confronted Pri

Now we understand why Deepika Padukone has made the remark that she would give her ex beau Ranbir Kapoor a pack of condoms. Ranbir Kapoor himself admitted in the chat show, ‘Koffee With Karan’ that he is a flirt and has many girlfriends.	He admits that he is quite smart in handling multiple girlfriends simultaneously. He saves the phone numbers of those girlfriends as ‘Battery Low’.	He candidly accepted that many a times, he would save the numbers of her

Salman Khan urged people to donate their bone marrow as it could save someone’s life suffering from cancer.	"It's simple to donate bone marrow. You don't have to spend money for it. I think everybody should go and donate bone marrow," said Khan.	Bone marrow saves life of those patients suffering from blood cancer, thalassemia, aplastic anemia, congenital immuno-deficiency states and other such blood related diseases.	"Do it for yourself. God

The recently held marriage between Sara Khan and Ali Merchant is a 'nonsense, completely fake and utterly staged' says Rahul Bhatt. He also accuses the channel of changing words to hike the TRPs of the show.	Rahul wondered how two people can get married on a reality show. 'It's all nautanki (drama) staged for TRPs. If two people want to make a tamasha of their relationship, that's their problem. I refused to get pally with the girls just to spice up the show,'

The Badshah of Bollywood Shahrukh Khan and the heartthrob of Bollywood Ranbir Kapoor will share screen space in the Hindi remake of Bengali film, ‘Autograph’.	In the film, Shahrukh Khan will be seen in the role of a fading superstar and Ranbir Kapoor a young director. In the original version, superstar of Bengali cinema Prosenjeet has played the lead role. The Hindi version will be directing by Srijit Mukherjee and produced by Madhu Mantena. Mantena doesn'

All are setting their eyes on Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan’s marriage but the couple is too busy to get married now. Kareena Kapoor divulged that she and Saif might get hitched after a year.	She went on to say “wedding will happen, but after a year”. Talking about marriage plans, Kareena Said, “Of course, I talk to Saif and my family. Saif is extremely supporting and he jokes that marriage is a taboo in our film industry. Surely, there are norms that we can

Ali Merchant’s duration in the Bigg Boss house ended and he came out. On coming out of the house, he was stunned to know that Sara Khan’s parents claimed that both Ali and Sara were married two years back. He turned red hot with the false allegation and accused them of lying. He rubbished the report of their wedding.	Ali also declared that Sara doesn’t get along with her parents much and neither he cares about his in-laws.	Said Ali, "I don't know why

The third wild card entry of Bigg Boss 4 is Baywatch star and Playboy magazine cover model Pamela Anderson. Pamela is all set to raise the TRPs of the show with her entry in Bigg Boss. She will be a guest on the show.	A publicist of the reality show aired on Colors stated “She will reach India on Monday and will enter the Bigg Boss house on Tuesday. She will be a guest on the show. However we cannot reveal as yet on how long with she stay inside the house.”	Pam

Sony Entertainment channel has roped Sanjay Dutt to host the next season of Bigg Boss. Ever since the show started, Salman Khan was the host but they opted for a change following Salman Khan hefty demand.	In fact, Sanjay Dutt was not the first choice of the producer after Salman Khan walked out. Actor Anil Kapoor was in the top list but since he would be engaged for ‘Mission Impossible 4’ shooting at the very moment, the opportunity went to Munna Bhai.	If we recall

The fifth contestant to be evicted from the Bigg Boss house is quiet, less dramatic, judgmental Aanchal Kumar. She was nominated along with Ashmit Patel and Dolly Bindra but model Aanchal Kumar received the lowest number of votes. Aanchal was very happy to leave the house as she was missing her family, friends and her accessories.	Before she moved out, Ali Merchant was asked to leave the house as his time period in the Bigg Boss house ended. He was not a participant but a guest in the

Amisha Patel praised her brother Ashmit Patel for handling the nasty contestants of the house so maturely. Recently, Dolly Bindra targeted Ashmit Patel and dug some personal issue. In the past, Ashmit Patel has been involved in an MMS scandal.	"I think he has done a good job, he has been very honest about everything and of course you have those nasty people who always try to create controversies; but I think my brother has handled it in a very mature way," Ameesha, who was h

Patch-up and break-up stories are very common in Bollywood. Most recently, the pair that ended their cold war and turned friends are Salman Khan and John Abraham. All this happened when Salman Khan visited the sets of ‘Desi Boyz’.	Salman Khan and John Abraham were not in talking terms for more than four years. They turned foes from friends during a stage show. But now Sallu Bhai has buried the hatchet and reconcile with a hug.	Akshay Kumar, John Abraham, Deepika Pad

A 24 year old man from Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh died after starving for couple of days due to Rakhi Sawant’s indecent comment made against him in the reality show, ‘Rakhi Ka Insaaf’. In her final judgment, Rakhi Sawant termed him as ‘impotent’. Later, Laksham Prasad, who appeared on the show was so upset with her remark that he stopped eating and confined himself to his room. He died on Wednesday. His family accused Rakhi Sawant for Laksham’s dead.	&qu

Bollywood received another shock. ‘Sankat City’ fame director Pankaj Advani passed away this morning following massive heart attack. He was 45.	He was a talented writer and he has written stories like ‘Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa’, ‘Cape Karma’ and ventured into direction with ‘Sankat City’ starring Kay Kay Menon, Rimi Sen and Anupam Kher. He was critically acclaimed for ‘Sankat City’. He even directed a children film, ‘Sunday

Now the latest from the Bigg Boss house is that Pakistani actress Veena Malik was caught lip-locking on Bigg Boss. She was shown smooching one male housemate on a hidden camera.	The shocking footage of Veena and the guy shows that the sexy actress gets ‘touch and feely’ before she gets into the passionate kiss.	The two minutes video showed that Veena Malik completely surrender herself to the male partner and was enjoying every moment of the love and touch. Audience

Finally, the desi gal says yes to get married. Priyanka Chopra is headstrong about not getting married at this juncture and avoids marriage and in fact marriage discussion. Whenever, her parents talk with her about wedding, she turns a deaf ear to their suggestion.	But now things turned ulta, Priyanka Chopra has been showing keen interest in marriage. She is ready to tie the knot. Priyanka is quoted as saying, “I am ready to get married. I am just waiting for a guy to come and s

Dolly Bindra has been creating hullabaloo in Bigg Boss house but her husband Kaizaad Kermani claims he doesn't watch the reality show! "I have barely seen it and prefer to keep myself away from all this. But I do get updates from people and via email about the happenings.	Of late, I have been spending a lot of time in Malaysia," says Kaizad who runs a Bollywood event management company, Starz &Showz. Kaizaad also said that he and Dolly are e

Indian photo-journalist Dheeraj Dikshit who was accused of spot-fixing by Veena Malik claims that Pakistani actress Veena Malik is a bookie. He accused her of match-fixing and divulged that she is still in touch wit her ex-boyfriend, Mohammed Asif.	Dheeraj Dikshit has written a letter to the Ministry of External Affairs demanding cancellation of her visa. "I have written a letter to the Ministry of External Affairs, demanding the cancellation of her visa.	I don''t

Realistic filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar wants Aishwarya Rai for his next project, ‘Heroine’. First he chose Kareena Kapoor to play the lead heroine but when Bebo failed to give dates, he opted for Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.	Madhur Bhandarkar has very limited time in his hand as the producer of the film asked him to start the project as soon as possible with or without Kareena. In the other hand, Madhur Bhandarkar is desperately waiting for Kareena’a approval but she is bu

Yes, this is true that Imran Khan and Ranbir Kapoor lip-locked twice on Karan Johar’s talk show, ‘Koffee with Karan’. They smooched each other not for enjoyment but for a cause. They wished to bag role in Karan Johar’s ‘Dostana 2’. They did so to impress the filmmaker.	A source who was present during filming says, "They were a riot on the show. They were all over each other and if they have a problem, it didn't show. To convinc

Megastar Amitabh Bachchan and filmmaker Karan Johar share a special bonding. They have worked in a couple of successful films together. Now that when Karan Johar is down with malaria, Big B visited ail Karan and had a good time together.	Amitabh Bachchan visited Karan Johar at his residence and talked about many issues. Both had a good time together and later Amitabh had dinner with Karan. Big B’s kind gesture touched KJo.	Due to his ill health, the filmmaker is confined

Deepika Padukone and Siddharth Mallya are bindaas couple. Where pairs in the B-town hides being in a relationship, they move around, spend time together, attend functions without any botheration as what the hungry media would write and place them before the world. Recently, when Deepika Padukone and Siddharth Mallya were in Goa, they posed for a photograph.	When a photographer caught the couple together and asked for photograph, instead of saying no, they gave the best profile to the

According to the latest rumor, everything in Bigg Boss is pre-planned. Sara Khan and Ali Merchant’s marriage is also said to be pre-planned. Lately, it is heard that both were already married. The couple had a court marriage after which Sara was living with Ali’s family in Kandivali. Later, they moved to a rented house in Lokhandwala.	The whole drama of Sara falling for Ashmit Patel only couple of days after the show kick-started was fabricated and also Ali’s entry i

When it comes to professionalism, no one can beat Bollywood hunk Hrithik Roshan. He shot despite high fever. Hrithik Roshan has been suffering from high fever for few days and in spite of his ill health, he turned up for the Zee TV`s `Hero Honda Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Singing Superstar` shooting. He was there to promote his latest flick, ‘Guzaarish’, which will hit the theatre on Nov 19.	Hrithik wrote on microblogging site Twitter Wednesday: "Shot for `Sa Re Ga Ma` last nite,

The bride to be Sara Khan is very nervous and out of tension, she wants to call off her wedding with Ali Merchant. At the eleventh hour, when this decision came from her side, the housemates were shocked. Later after a great deal of persuasion, she agreed.	The big fat wedding will take place at the Bigg Boss house and the dulha-dulhan will be wearing designer outfits. The wedding couple will be styled by Vikram Phadnis.	The wedding will be telecast on Thursday. The families of

Kangana Ranaut is a hot property of Bollywood. She has all the oomph factors to make one go weak at her knees. There is no any doubts that she is one of the hot and bold actresses of Bollywood. In her upcoming film, ‘Rascal’, she will be seen in a skimpy two piece outfit blowing the butt.	The report has been leaked at the launch party of ‘Rascal’ which is Sanjay Dutt’s first home production. Few are whispering at the venue that in the movie Kangana will b

Salman Khan acts pricey. He demands a whopping amount of Rs. 2.5 crore per episode for ‘Dus Ka Dum’. His return proved very heavy for the producer of ‘Dus Ka Dum’. Salman has demanded almost 51 percent more than what he was paid in the past season of ‘Dus Ka Dum’.	Confirming the news a source said, “Salman was being paid approximately Rs 1.65 crore per episode then.” In fact, Salman has left behind Amitabh Bachchan and Shahrukh Khan in r

Grapevine buzzed that Sara Khan and her boyfriend Ali Merchant were paid Rs 50 lakh to get married in the Bigg Boss house. It is said that their marriage was pre-planned as the channel wants to ascent their TRPs. The dulha and the dulhan will be wearing designer wedding garments specially designed by designer Vikram Phadnis. They have been dating for the last three years. This is the first time any couple will be getting married on a reality show.	In the initial episode,

While chatting with Karan Johar in the talk show, ‘Koffee With Karan’, Deepika Padukone said that she would like to gift her ex-beau, Ranbir Kapoor a pack of condoms. The gorgeous actress made this remark when Karan Johar asked her what she would like to gift Ranbir if she has been given the opportunity.	Deepika Padukone’s comment clearly indicates that she still holds grudges against Ranbir and has not forgiven him for his betrayal.	Next, when the filmmaker c

Imran Khan and Avantika Malik’s wedding date is drawing nearer. Guess where the couple is going to get married. Imran and Avantika has decided to wed in the court. It’s a joint decision of the two. They have opted for court marriage keeping in mind the religious factor.	Imran is a Muslim and Avantika a Hindu. To keep the matter neutral, they have decided to go for court marriage. “In the past, reports have suggested that Imran and Avantika would have a nikha in Mumba

South sensation Genelia D’Souza slapped her fan after she was misbehaved. She was on her way to inaugurate Kalamandir's new showroom in Besant road when one of her fan tried to touch her. As soon as Genelia reached the showroom, a huge crowd surrounded her and making her movement almost impossible. Despite police protection, Genelia D’Souza was misbehaved by one of her fans. He attempted to touch her.	Geneila reacted instantly to the incident and at the moment slapped

Bipasha Basu is going to lip-lock Hollywood star Josh Hartnett in Roland Joffe’s ‘Singularity’. She will shoot some hot kissing and lovemaking scene.	Bips says she is comfortable with the lovemaking scene. She argues, "If I can do kissing scenes in India then why not for a Hollywood film? I have only kissed John (Abraham) and Ranbir (Kapoor) in Bachna Ae Haseeno - though I tried to wriggle out of that." Bipasha Basu is playing an Indian warrior

Boney Kapoor and Mona Kapoor’s son Arjun Kapoor will make his debut in Bollywood with Yash Raj Films. He has earlier worked as an assistant to Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ishq (2007), Kal Ho Na Ho (2003), Krishna Vamshi's Shakti -The Power (2002) and also worked as an executive producer to his father Boney Kapoor’s project like No Entry (2009), Wanted (2009) and Milenge Milenge (2010).	Arjun’s new project will be launched in the early next year. YRF has kept the

Aishwarya Rai Bachchan feels fortunate to be part of some unique films. In the long tenure of her filmy careers, she has got to enact versatile roles. In her latest film ‘Action Replayy’, she has played an actress of the 70’s. When asked whether she takes tips from her father-in-law and mother-in-law. She replied, "No, I didn't sit with Ma or Paa because, like Paa has always said, your work speaks volumes. You need not sit with them and literally speak. You h

Bollywood has been divided into two as both the Kapoor’s and the Shetty’s hosted Diwali parties seperately. Jeetendra and Tushar played the perfect host and attended their guests. The first invitee to arrive at Tushar’s party was Kareena Kapoor. She looked stunning in red and blue salwar kameez. Genelia D’Souza, Goldie and Shrishti Behl, Anuj Saxena, Chunkey Pandey, Prem Chopra, Sanjay Kapoor attended the party. Most of the actresses went seen in traditional attire wi

Abhishek Bachchan is a big Hanuman Bhakt. He unveils world’s largest Hanuman statue and offers prayers with his sister Shweta Nanda.	He unveiled the statue at Jakhu temple and was among the first to offer his prayers to Hanuman. "I strongly believe in Hanumanji and am fully convinced that just having unflinching faith in him solves all the problems," said the 34-year-old actor. Bachchan said that he was smitten with the natural beauty of

Asin is not comfortable with intimate scenes. She is two films old in Bollywood but did not expose herself in any of those as she does not feel ease with exposure. But finally she has to give her inhibitions. Asin shot a steamy scene with her ‘London Dreams’, co-star Salman Khan for the movie, ‘Ready’.	This is not only first time for Asin but for Salman Khan too. In the long tenure of his filmy career, he was hardly seen getting cozy with his on-screen heroine.

Katrina Kaif is shooting in Patiala for director Ali Abbas Zafar’s ‘Mere Brother Ki Dulhan’ in Patiala and a lot of Punjabi boys lined up outside the hotel to get a glimpse of the actress. They address her by the name ‘Jasmeet’ (This was Kat’s name in Namastey London).	At first Kat was puzzled with the name. It was out of her mind but she recollected later. Laughs Katrina, "In Namastey London I played a girl who comes to Punjab with her parents

The misunderstandings between Ali Merchant and Sara Khan have been resolved and both now decided to take wedding vows on the show Bigg Boss. The duo expressed their desire to tie the knot to Bigg Boss and Bigg Boss accepted their proposal. November 10 has been fixed for the wedding.	Ali who entered the house on Tuesday night popped the marriage question to Sara whom he has been dating for the past three years and she accepted.	A source informs, “Ali is determined to marry

Vidya Balan carries herself very well in saree. In ‘Ishqiya’, she looked seductive in saree. In the November issue of FHM, she showed her naked back with saree covering her front part only. With red bindi and white enbroided saree, she looked awesome.	Vidya feels that sari is far more sexier than bikini, if draped properly. Vidya says, "I'm glad people are getting bored of just seeing women in bikinis we've become very parochial about sexiness. I

There is a total confusion in Bigg Boss. First, we saw Sara Khan tore her long time boyfriend Ali Merchant’s photographs and making way for actor Ashmit Patel. Then we saw Veena Malik spending night in Ashmit’s arm and gelled with him like lovers. The way she mingles with Ashmit, it clearly indicates that she loves him and very serious about him. Then there is a sudden twist in the tale. Veena Malik says she loves Hrishant Goswami.	Veena asked Ashmit to convey her love to

Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor might not be a couple but this has not stopped her from keeping his memories intact on her body. It was earlier reported that Deepika Padukone will erase Ranbir’s initial RK tattoo which she has inked on her nape but the news turned out to be false now.	Deepika Padukone on the talk show, ‘Koffee With Karan’ will confess that she will keep the RK tattoo no matter what is the current status of their relationship as it is a sign of com

Deepika Padukone's film might not be box-office dhamaka but her acting capability is always appreciated and now she is a hot property of Bollywood. Filmmakers are keen to cast her in their films. She is signing one after another film. Very recently, she has signed Prakash Jha’s film opposite Ajay Devgan and now she has been finalized to play Shahid Kapoor Heer in ‘Heer-Ranjha’.	The main concern about the pair is their heights. Deepika is much taller than Shahid,

Dancing queen Madhuri Dixit Nene is returning to small screen as judge. She will be judging a dance reality show on Sony TV, ‘Jhalak Dikhla Jaa’. She is one of the judges.	Says a source close to the channel, "The channel had approached the actress and Shahid Kapoor to be judges on the show as both are excellent dancers. Madhuri is reality show on dance and has more or less committed to it.	Only the last formality the money is being discussed."

Deepika Padukone to play Ajay Devgan’s heroine in Prakash Jha’s ‘Aarakshan’. Actually, Deepika was not Prakash’s first choice, it was Katrina Kaif. Since Kat fail to give her dates, Jha approached Deepika and she readily grabbed the meaty role.	‘Aarakshan’ is based on student politics and job reservations. Says an industry source, "Initially, Jha was keen to sign Kat for the romantic lead opposite Ajay. He had approached her, post-Raajnee

Sara Khan’s re-entry in Bigg Boss comes as a big surprise for the housemates. But Bigg Boss has played another game. He has entered Sara’s beau Ali Merchant in the house. He will enter tonight. Sara Khan is completely unaware that Ali would make his entry at this crucial period when she is going strong with Ashmit Patel.	Sara Khan’s long time beau Ali would stay a week long to sort out his differences with Sara. Sara shared some romantic moments with Ashmit in Bigg B

Shahrukh Khan celebrated his 45th birthday in Berlin with the cast and the crew of ‘Don 2’. His family came down to Berlin to celebrate his birthday.	"have not had so much fun on my birthday before. toys r us with the kids..learnt ripsticking...dugu,sussanne,raveena & gang of don...partied," SRK tweeted. He thanked his fans all over the world to make him feel so special and promised to entertain them 'for the next half'.	

Tennis star Leander Paes will soon make his Bollywood debut. He has developed a great fascination for Bollywood films and the reason behind his obsession for Bollywood films is none other than the megastar of Hindi film industry, Amitabh Bachchan. Leander blames megastar Amitabh Bachchan for his Bollywood addiction.	Paes will confess this truth on the coming special Diwali episode of KBC. He will also reveal about watching the cult classic ‘Sholay’ over 100 times so far.

Two years of relationship and then break-up without any major reason. Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor’s love life was very short. It was said that Ranbir cheated on Deepika and kicked her out of his life. After the incident, the actress was totally shattered as she never accepted such treatment from the man whom she loves from the core of her heart. Today, Deepika has taken a sweet revenge on Ranbir. In her forthcoming film, ‘Break Ke Baad’, she has played commitment-pho

Kareena Kapoor might be over the moon. She has signed another film opposite her favorite star, Aamir Khan. It was her long time wish to star opposite Mr. Perfectionist and ‘3 Idiots’ gave her the golden opportunity to romance with the actor she was longing for. And now comes this untitled suspense thriller, it was like a double dhamaka for Bebo.	The film will have two heroines, one is Kareena Kapoor and the other actress is yet to be finalized. Confirming the news, Khan sa

Gorgeous Aishwarya Rai Bachchan turns 37 yesterday and she dedicated the special day to her family. It’s only Ash and her beautiful and supporting family on her special day. She went for a memorable dinner will all at Mumbai’s Taj hotel.	Big B posted a blog on Twitter stating “Family dinner at Chinese in Taj where function was held… and brought in Aishwarya Birthday… good feel about the day…(sic	Ash was flooded with birthday messages. Sr B

Dolly Bindra has become a big headache for the housemates. She has been targeting everyone in the house. After Shweta Tiwari, it is now Manoj Tiwari involved into heated argument with Dolly Bindra. It all started on the breakfast table when Manoj Bindra asked for eggs. Dolly as a kitchen captain set her own kitchen rules and according to which, all the housemates has to finish the leftover food.	When Manoj demanded eggs, Dolly refused. Then screening and abusing continued for a long t

The ‘Dabangg’ actress Sonakshi Sinha is flying higher and higher. In her debut film, she got to romance Bollywood’s heartthrob Salman Khan and now she will be seen opposite the stunt hero Akshay Kumar. The film in the question is Shirish Kunder’s 3-D movie, ‘Joker’.	Sonakshi Sinha is thrilled to share screen space with Akki so early in her career. If everything falls in the right place then this would be Sonakshi’s second project with Shirish,

Bollywood’s most celebrated couple, Abhishek Bachchan and his wife Aishwarya Rai Bachchan fight at an award ceremony and the witness of the fight is actor Kunal Kapoor. It all happened at the recent award ceremony. Ever since Aishwarya married to Abhishek, she flaunts her love for her beau very much. Her expressions sometimes become too heavy on her face. Abhishek noticed that she was over excited while attending the media and he felt bit embarrassed. This has become an issue of spat b

Vivek Obeori married to his sweetheart Priyanka Alva in Bangalore on 29th November and a grand reception was held on Sunday. Many Bollywood celebrities and politicians attended the reception. Vivek looked handsome in dark velvet sherwani and Priyanka looked gorgeous in blue-green velvet lehenga.	Present during the reception were Khiladi Akshay, Saif Ali Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Sushmita Sen, Aarti Chhabria, Prachi Desai, Tabu, Riteish Deshmukh, RGV, Prakash Jha, Zoya Akhtar, V

Bong bombshell Bipasha Basu has bagged her first international project, titled ‘Singularity’. She will be seen in the role of a warrior named Tulaja. In this film, she will star opposite the ‘Pearl Harbor’ star Josh Hartnett. The film has been scripted by Ajey Jhankar. Besides, Bipasha Basu, the movie stars actor Abhay Deol and host of other international stars like Chris Pine, Bond girl Olga Kurylenko and Christopher Egan. Since the story revolves around

Filmmaker Karan Johar is confined to his house. He is sick and down with malaria. Doctors advised him to take rest till he fully recovers.	Recently, Karan Johar celebrated his best buddy Shahrukh Khan’s birthday in Berlin with Gauri, Aryan and Suhana. Again he was planning a trip to Beirut with King Khan but destiny has stored something else for him. He is bedridden and won’t be flying with SRK at the moment.	Ooph, the mosquitoes of the city did not spare even KJo.

Despite being invited personally, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan did not turn up for Vivek Oberoi’s wedding. The showdown is personal and the Bachchan’s are not ready to forgive and forget the past incident in spite of Vivek’s repeated attempt to mend the differences with the Bachchan’s. Like the past, this time too the Bachchans turned down his friendship proposal.	Not only the Bachchans even the Dutts were absent from Vivek’s wedding. Vive

Hutchings has points in three straight games after getting his first three-point game of the season against Sudbury.

Panik hasnâ€™t scored in three games. With Dale Mitchell returning to the Spits from the Toronto Marlies, his ice time may take a bit of a hit.

All six Lightning OHL prospects in action Friday, including ex-Norfolk Admiral Jaroslav Janus, who made his season debut for Erie.

DeCoste saw his three game point streak come to an end. He started on a line with Adam Payerl (undrafted) and Luke Judson (undrafted).

DeCoste scored the game's opening goal on the power play in his first game as a Bull, but Belleville couldnâ€™t hang on to 2-0 and 3-2 leads and get a win. The Bulls lost the shootout 2-0 and now stand at 6-11-1-1 on the year, two points ahead of Ottawa for fourth in the East Division. DeCoste, who scored when he banged home a rebound off his own shot, now has a two game goal streak and three game point streak.

Hutchingsâ€™ ninth goal of the season broke a mini two-game scoreless streak. He finished October with 13 points in 13 games (6-7-13).

Ashton (pictured) extended his point streak to five games with two primary assists Wednesday night. He has 10 points in those five games, but surprisingly for him, just two goals. Heâ€™s already nearing his career high for assists in a season, set last year at 20. He also had 30 goals and 50 points in 70 games last year.

Panik shot second in the shootout, but hit the post. It was the second straight shootout loss for the defending Memorial Cup champs, though they still lead the league in points at 13-3-0-3.

Ashton (pictured) has a four game point streak in which he has eight points. Brandon scored the game winner with 13 seconds left in the game. Lethbridge remains in a tie for last in the Eastern Conference at 5-11-2-0.

Panikâ€™s linemate, Eric Wellwood (Flyers), had four goals in the game. DeCoste notched his first assist of the season in the loss.

Ashton extended his point streak to three games, albeit in a bad loss to last place Seattle. Lethbridge found themselves down 4-1 entering the third period, but despite a 15-2 shot advantage in the period couldnâ€™t come all the way back.

Moncton took control of a back-and-forth game and held on for the win, scoring an empty netter late on the power play.

DeCoste returned to the lineup Friday, but was back out Saturday. The Greyhounds broke their six game losing streak.

WHL Note: Last spring the Lightning chose not to sign Edmonton Oil Kings goalie Torrie Jung. The prospect was coming off a good season and an impressive showing against No.1 seed Calgary in the playoffs when the decision was made. This season, Jung returned to Edmonton as an overager. He's currently 3-7-0-2 with a 3.30 GAA, .904 save percentage, and a shutout. Edmonton is 6-8-0-2 on the year.

Note: Lightning prospect defenseman Mark Barberio has been named to Team QMJHL for the 2009 Subway Super Series vs. Team Russia. This will be Barberio's first appearance in the annual all-star event. The QMJHL portion of the series begins November 16. Russia will then play Team OHL and Team WHL. Rosters for the latter two have yet to be announced.

The Rocket scored twice in the third period, including an empty netter, to clinch a win in New Brunswick. Barberio extended his points streak to three games with his assist. The Wildcats are 8-4-0-1 on the year.

Sarniaâ€™s Jordan Hill (undrafted) broke a 2-2 tie with a power play goal midway through the third period.

Thirteen goals, yet our two Lightning prospects failed to register a point. This was the third straight scoreless game for Panik, whoâ€™s in a bit of a slump.

Fax broadcast list of various businesses in your area can be obtained here at FaxVantage. Fax broadcast list of even potential customers with whom you can promote your products are available here. FaxVantage gives you a chance of gaining more customers through fax broadcasting. You can send your product promotions through fax. It is another innovative marketing approach designed to gain more customers. Fax broadcasting has proven itself to be more effective than using email in order to introduce products to consumers. Consumers seem to take more notice of fax more than they take notice of promotions through email. Fax broadcasting is gaining more ground in being the marketing tool of choice among more and more businesses because of its higher batting average when it comes to getting effective leads than email. That is why FaxVantage gives you the chance to make use of this service in order to help your own company gain more clients and promote your products more effectively. With fax broadcasting, you have another tool that you can use in order to improve your product sales by promoting your products to more consumers.

Having a fax broadcast list can be a rich source of new customers for your business. FaxVantage can provide you with all the fax broadcast list that you need. With this list or a number of them, you can make maximum use of the fax broadcasting tool in order to promote your product or products to more consumers. Make your business grow with FaxVantage. You can reach a wider audience for your product promotion through fax broadcasting and a variety of fax lists that we can provide you. You will have the opportunity to reach over 7.4 million consumers or businesses that we have on our database. We make sure that you only get the fax numbers that will translate into new business relationships for you. We will provide you with only quality fax lists that you can count on. You do not have to worry about getting numbers that will lead you nowhere. We regularly check and update our database for numbers that need to be taken off. We do this on a daily basis so that you can be assured of getting a “clean” fax broadcast list every time.

With a fax broadcast list that you can avail at FaxVantage, you give your company an upper hand over your competitors. Product promotion can be more effective through fax broadcasting. More consumers tend to take faxes more seriously than promotional email. Other businesses tend to read received faxes more that they do with received emails. And reading what you have to say about your products is the next step towards having potential customers purchasing them. Each fax number on the list that we provide is another potential customer for your customer. You need to convince more and more of them and fax broadcasting would give you that added efficiency. Having a better batting average when it comes to creating new customers would only result to more business success for your company. That is what FaxVantage can offer you. We can provide you with the numbers that you can translate into dollars. At FaxVantage you can have a reliable partner that you can count on to deliver for you. Business success is sure to follow with FaxVantage as your partner.

Welcome to the Dwyer Research Group in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Rhode Island.

If you are interested in addressing big problems using small tools, we are interested in hearing from you.

You do not have permission to use any pictures or content without asking my permission first. All products/images/blog content that I create are copyrighted by me, Jo Ebisujima unless otherwise stated.

By visiting jojoebi-designs.com (formally A Bit Of This and A Bit Of That), you are consenting to our Terms & Conditions.

jojoebi-designs.com contains intellectual property owned by Jo Ebisujima, including trademarks,trade dress, copyrights, proprietary information and other intellectual property. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, distribute, display, reproduce or perform, or in any way exploit in any format whatsoever any of the jojoebi-designs.com content, in whole or in part without our prior written consent. We reserve the right to immediately remove your account and access to jojoebi-designs.com, including any products or services offered through the site, without refund, if you are caught violating this intellectual property policy.

Archives Select Month May 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) September 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) November 2011 (1) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (1) April 2011 (2) February 2011 (10) November 2009 (1) February 2008 (1) February 2007 (1) February 2006 (2) February 2005 (2) November 2004 (1) June 2004 (1) February 2004 (4) July 2003 (1) February 2003 (7) November 2002 (1) October 2002 (1) July 2002 (1) May 2002 (1) February 2002 (15) December 2001 (3) November 2001 (2) October 2001 (3) September 2001 (2) August 2001 (1) May 2001 (1) April 2001 (1) February 2001 (3) December 2000 (2) September 2000 (1) February 2000 (7) September 1999 (1) August 1999 (1) June 1999 (1) May 1999 (2) April 1999 (4) March 1999 (2) February 1999 (3) January 1999 (2) December 1998 (1) February 1998 (1) February 1997 (2)

“I escape into reality. I love reality. I don’t like falsified things. I look at this world in a real way. I live a real life.” Rickey Medlocke, Blackfoot (Ealry 1980’s)

In the present study, the systematic approach to evaluate potency of Equisetum hyemale in constructed wetland, bio-degradation and adsorption of TSS, COD, phosphate, and LAS were described. The overall objective of the study was to determine the ability of Equisetum hyemale to remove pollutants in laundry waste water in several percentage of dilution and contact time. This research used 4 groups of Equisetum hyemale in each reactor. Equisetum hyemale was planted in the richest nutrient of soil. The laundry waste water was contacted in batch system. The Equisetum hyemale removed TSS, COD, Phosphate, LAS until 90% in variation of waste water dilution after 2 days of contact. Equisetum hyemale showed best performance in 100% of laundry waste water. It was observed that 4 days of contact time were optimal for removing pollutants in laundry waste water. The Equisetum hyemale removed TSS, COD, Phosphate, LAS up to 90% in variation of contact time.

GIBBS, Betty. The Art of Len Gibbs. N.pl.: Reidmore, (1981). Pp (128). Ilustrated. 4to, blue cloth. Vg-fine in dj (one-inch closed tear to front panel). 45.00

Gill Age: 21. Hello:)My name is Avrora)I am a high class independent escort model, available worlwideCome relax and enjoy my magical touch! Im easy to talk to and eager to please! You'll keep coming back more! Open minded ! If I can't do what you want I'll find someone who can! Ask about two girl special!

Caroline Age: 34. INT CALLS /OUT CALLS AVAILABLEHi I'm Sara if you looking for a sexy and hot girl then you are in the perfect placeHello lover, My name is Lilith and welcome to my world of wicked debauchery and sexual pleasure! I am a luxury escort , I do all that may be possible

Shop All Categories | Holiday & Seasonal | Recipe Blog | What's New | Featured Products | Wholesale Site

Giovanni Cavalli, the ultimate producer of Tradizionale from Reggio Emilia, has resigned from the Consortium in order to independently produce Balsamic of Reggio Emilia according to his own ultra-high standard. Although Ferdinando, Giovanni's father, founded the Corsortium of Traditional Balsamic Producers of Reggio Emilia, Giovanni believes that he must be free of the Consortium's constraits to achieve his level of quality.

Two basic quality levels have been established--Silver Seal and Gold Seal corresponding to the Modenese levels of minimum 12 year and 25 year aging respectively. However, these are minimums and do not reflect the age composition of Cavalli balsamico where stocks are up to 300 years old.

Cavalli Silver Seal Balsamic has a strong, sweet fragrance with thick, rich acidity. Intense bouquet.

Each bottle contains 100 ml. of Silver Label Traditional Balsamic Vinegar by Cavalli from Reggio Emilia, Italy.

I love the full rich flavor. There is something about it that can not be reproduced by reducing a grocery bought product. It has a distinct crisp rich flavor beyond other BV that I have had. I love it.

If you have purchased this product from us in the past, you may rate and review it. First, log into your account and then select "Rate And Review Products"

Wow, nice cover. Looks like Miles and Roic? standing on a balcony looking down at some sort of official building with fireworks above it.

A preliminary look at the preliminary cover… art by Dave Seeley, book to be published by Baen November, 2010.

It is nothing less than a new Miles Novel! The Release date hasn’t showed up on Baen’s schedule yet but Lois says it will be November 2010. The Vorkosigan Saga is one of my favorite science fiction series. Miles is a really charming scoundrel, an interstellar spy and mercenary admiral. Welcome back Miles!

The story is an Auditorial investigation that takes place on a planet new to readers, called New Hope II or Kibou-daini. Miles is 39, to go by the very Miles-centered series chronology we’ve been using. The story uses three viewpoints: Miles, Roic, and a local lad named Jin. The general mode is mystery/thriller/technological-social exploration.

My current church responsibility is to coordinate and oversee Sunday school classes in my congregation. Occasionally this allows me to substitute teach, which is something that I really enjoy. Today's lesson provided me with a new connection between two stories that were already familiar to me.

In the Book of Mormon, which we consider scripture and a companion to the Bible, a man named Alma listens to a prophet and changes his life. He leaves a comfortable position of power and influence to follow the commandments, many people follow him, and they covenant to obey the commandments and be witnesses of Jesus Christ. At the same time, the people that Alma left persist in their ways and encounter great difficulty in the form of an occupying enemy force. Rather than rely on the Lord to find a remedy to their tough situation, they rely on their own strength and decide to go to war. Three times they try this, and each time they are defeated by a superior enemy. Finally, after all this, they turn to God,

Meanwhile, in spite of their righteousness, Alma's people are also placed in bondage by the same aggressors. Their reaction is to pray to God for deliverance, immediately. When they are commanded not to pray by their captors, they pray in secret and silently in their hearts. They are rewarded, not with miraculous deliverance, but with comfort and peace given through the Holy Spirit. This personal blessing is the miracle that they need to make their burdens light as they passed through that trial.

Two peoples, with the same basic problem, and two completely different ways of addressing it. One group is faithful, and the other less so, showing us that obedience is not a guarantee that we will not experience trials and afflictions. What we do learn is that the Lord is ALWAYS there, if we will humble ourselves and seek his comfort and guidance.

I am grateful for this story, and the important lesson it provides. We control how we react to life's trials, and I hope that I make the right choices as I experience whatever challenges await me.

Loved this post Joe. I hope to make the right choices as well...but it is a comfort to know the Lord is ALWAYS there even if I go "sideways." I think the saying goes something like you can stray from His path...but not from His reach.

21st & R Self Storage (SP12) can be found in the bustling mid-town area of the capital city of Sacramento. Since its completion in 1912, the building has witnessed the city grow and change. The Sacramento Bee located across the street, once belonged to Buffalo Beer Brewing Co and the California Winery once stood where CVS is now. The building of SP12 itself has changed immensely since its origination.

Capital Van & Storage built SP12 as a fireproof warehouse in 1912, making it one of the oldest storage facility in California and the first storage facility ever to have a women’s restroom! Its office was constructed and completed in 1920. This building was one of three storage facilities built by Capital Van & Storage. Storing tenant’s belongings was done a little differently back then; the company sent moving vans to tenant’s homes, picked up the items, and then placed the belongings into storage. Each item was given an assigned ticket, which would be given to the tenant. The tenant would come into the store with their ticket, the employee would go retrieve the item, and give it back to the tenant. In addition to storing tenant’s personal items, the facility stored automobiles and pianos. Often the automobiles would be delivered via the railroad found directly behind the building. The Union Pacific Railroad transported vehicles to the facility, opened the roll-up doors, and put the cars into the handy freight elevator to be stored on one of the many levels of the building. Nowadays, the railroad is sometimes used by the Sacramento Bee and Sacramento’s public regional transit line, Light Rail, built their own tracks right above it.

This building remained Capital Van & Storage’s until the 1950s when Beacon’s Storage took it over. Forty years later, StoragePRO began managing the facility and has done so for 25 years!

For iPhone users, there is no better a news than free apps to download. Well, CydiaPlus is passionate about everything related to Apple products, and therefore, we bring up-to-date info on iPhones, iPods, iPads, iTunes and more. And this list is incomplete without apps gone free! You bet, we keep refreshing this section every day with a number of iPhone apps gone free.

Disclaimer: All apps included in this list are free at the time of posting. We’re not responsible for price

CydiaPlus.com is a website focused on Apple's tablet and smartphone and technology in general, In CydiaPlus I'll find all the Cydia News on smartphones, tablets, wearables, apps and much, much more So what are you waiting for? CydiaPlus

After several weeks of waiting, the jailbreak of iOS 10.3.2 and iOS 11 is already a reality , so as always, then we leave you a complet...

After several weeks of waiting, the jailbreak of iOS 11 And 11.1.2 is already a reality , so as always, then we leave you a complete tu...

After several weeks of waiting, the jailbreak of iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 – iOS 11.1.2 is already a reality , so as always, then we leave...

Archive November (58) October (70) September (45) August (33) July (86) June (189) May (250) April (302) March (419) February (385) January (429) December (439) November (533) October (559) September (548) August (547) July (505) June (549) May (606) April (542) March (618) February (560) January (554) December (542) November (557) October (669) September (654) August (686) July (630) June (565) May (651) April (603) March (676) February (657) January (754) December (703) November (544) October (512) September (530) August (819) July (669) June (265) May (235) April (601) March (567) February (521) January (560) December (514) November (487) October (358) September (447) August (331) July (419) June (395) May (692) April (905) March (884) February (819) January (417)

Chaos on the Manayunk Wall as the women's peloton overtakes vehicles at the tail end of the men's race caravan.

Texas Governor Rick Perry, a noted cycling enthusiast who made press recently by breaking his collarbone in a mountain biking fall, has vetoed a "safe passing" bill which had received strong backing from the cycling community.

The bill would have required drivers to give at least three feet of clearance when passing cyclists or other "vulnerable" road users (pedestrians, construction workers, tow truck operators, stranded motorists, motorcyclists or moped drivers) on most highways.

"We are stunned because he's our guy, and we feel disappointed, even betrayed by our guy," said Robin Stallings, executive director of BikeTexas, to the San Antonio Express. "The bicycling community will never forgive Gov. Perry."

"While I am in favor of measures that make our roads safer for everyone, this bill contradicts much of the current statute and places the liability and responsibility on the operator of a motor vehicle when encountering one of these vulnerable road users," Perry said.

"In addition, an operator of a motor vehicle is already subject to penalties when he or she is at fault for causing a collision or operating recklessly, whether it is against a ‘vulnerable user' or not."

For days at the barre, on the mat, and in the studio, we've created a super stylish and supportive one-shoulder Yogini bra. This bra offers limited coverage, allowing for ease of movement and breathability for the days you strengthen without impact.

A married couple who both hold Columbus Village trustee positions are expected to officially resign next month.

Columbus Mayor Nicole Lawson confirmed that William "Bud" Canfield and Jeane Canfield will be resigning to move to Wisconsin.

Lawson said Bud Canfield had an existing medical condition that was recently exacerbated, and they decided to move closer to family members.

Bud Canfield was in the middle of his four-year term as a trustee, and Jeane Canfield was just elected this month to a four-year term.

Bud was the last remaining trustee in office from before the gun smuggling case that rocked the border community last year and prompted the resignations of the mayor, police chief and trustee Blas "Woody" Gutierrez.

Lawson said the Canfields have not submitted their resignations yet, but she expects them to do so next month, effective April 30th.

Lawson said once the resignations are official, she will request letters of interest from Columbus residents who would like to be appointed to the village trustees. She will then select two candidates from those letters and submit her choices to the trustees for approval.

are affiliated with the Associated Press news network and carry AP network news, followed by local and state news at the top of the hour, 24 hours a day. We are truly Deming’s “information stations” and the stations Luna County residents depend on for news, hometown happenings, weather, sports and agricultural

Persons named on the Crime Report are to be considered innocent until final disposition of the case is made by a court.

Get $2.00 off any two (2) all laundry products Today by using our printable coupons. You can get double the discount if you print the coupons twice. You can do this by using the back button on your web browser.

Get more all coupons/offers and deals on our website take alook around. If you like this post share it with your friends.

$2.00 off any two (2) all laundry products Get $2.00 off any two (2) all laundry products Today by using our printable coupons. You […]

This entry was posted in Coupons 2013 and tagged Household, Laundry/Fabric Care on June 30, 2014 by Dave.	

Security for your pillion, a Renntec grab rail provides a reliable and comfortable handhold for your passenger. Enjoy the performance of your motorcycle while your passenger enjoys the comfort and security of a Renntec grab rail. Designed and built in the UK, the Renntec grab rails are made from quality materials and are bike specific to ensure no modifications to your bike are required. Finished in a hardwearing polyester coating, each grab rail comes complete with a fitting kit and instructions.

Add soft luggage carrying practicality to your motorcycle. A Renntec Sports Rack, Carrier, or Luggage Touring Rack is a reliable accessory for your motorcycle. Designed and manufactured in the UK for each motorcycle model, Renntec Sports Racks, Carriers and Luggage Touring Racks are the combination of 25 years of experience in the design and manufacture of quality motorcycle accessories. All products are designed to be bike specific and to be fitted without modification to your bike, and are finished in a hardwearing Polyester powder coating. Each product comes with full fitting kit and instructions.Available in black

Please note that due to the length of this item if it is to be posted to an address outside mainland UK then an additional postage cost of £20 is required ontop of that quoted on our shipping page.

At the moment, there are no customer reviews for this product. If you are a registered customer with Demonbikes you can log in at any time to contribute your opinions.

To quickly jump to other products within the store using popular search terms, click any of the search phrases below:

The sun was shining and for just a minute while having lunch inside an authentic Mexican restaurant along the bay, I felt like I was in another country. My short trip to the West Coast was needed to escape the stress of it all and I had a lovely time listening to the waves crash, watching the seagulls soar and I even saw a herd of wild Roosevelt elk on the way home.

I snapped these shots in Bandon, which is along Hwy 101. There are huge rocks just off the coast line and I think the one below is Face Rock.

One of the best things about the West Coast is the drift wood shelters. All along the beach, you can find huge pieces of driftwood and then campers construct little huts. Exploring is a treat.

The highlight of the trip: experiencing wildlife! "Elk Crossing" signs line Hwy 38 between Reedsport and Coos Bay. I even noticed a few "Elk Viewing" areas but when I drove through on Saturday, the elk were not around. Well, they were out in the open on Sunday.

The herd consisted of about 16 bulls (male elk) and the Ranger said they are all young. He told a crowd of people watching the animals that they've lived in this area of Oregon for years. There is a fence blocking the forestry land from people but the ranger said an elk can jump a 12 foot fence without a second thought. That made me back away slightly. For perspective, elk are about the size of a small horse and not as big as a moose. Certainly an amazing sight!

Looks like a beautiful place to visit and love that it's only a few hours away from Eugene. JJ and I did a bike ride with his Dad & step Mom this weekend. Great weather and great company. Can't ask for more than that. I'm enjoying the new blog, have a great week!!

Is it just me or are these ocean vistas almost ethereal? What a lovely trip. I enjoyed the videos too.

JinjaJam - Can't wait to talk. Your pics during your holiday are fabulous. LW - bike rides are so much fun. I also took a ride yesterday and want to buy a bike for Kings when he gets here. Tina Lane - thanks for the messages and for reading. This was a fun day away. It was a bit chilly as it usually is on the coast in Oregon but the views are gorgeous.

We are a proud member of The Motor Ombudsman accreditation scheme and are accredited to the CTSI New and Used Car Sales Code of Practice and the Service and Repair Code of Practice, ensuring we operate to the highest standards of service and offering peace of mind for customers.

If unhappy with our service and having spoken to our Dealer Champion, we abide by the Motor Industry Codes of Practice which can be found on The Motor Ombudsman Website www.themotorombudsman.org The Motor Ombudsman will offer free and impartial information and if appropriate an alternative dispute process in the event that you are not satisfied with the outcome of a concern.

For further information you can visit the Ombudsman website at www.themotorombudsman.org or call their information line on 0345 241 3008. Calls are charged at your local rate.

Every piece in the i.d x-change and IGAL DAHAN collection has a connection with love. The pieces were for those who embrace and want to express the connection of love they cherish with friends, family, and in relationships...

At Cardiff you can study for an HE Diploma in Dental Hygiene at the only School of Dentistry in Wales.

Our aim is to educate professional Dental Hygienists eligible for unsupervised clinical practice (under the prescription of a Dentist) integrated within dental teams. The course has been re-validated by the General Dental Council as recently as 2015.

As a member of a team directed by a dentist, you will be equipped with all the knowledge, skills and behaviours needed to prepare you for the working environment of dental hygiene. On graduation, you will be registered with the General Dental Council.

The School of Dentistry is located in the University Dental Hospital on Cardiff University’s Heath Park campus, a 53-acre site shared with the University Hospital of Wales. This is where the majority of clinical teaching takes place on our undergraduate programmes. With around 100 undergraduate students per year, we are still a relatively small dental school. We believe that this facilitates a friendly and supportive sense of community that helps ensure that our students succeed. As evidence of such the NSS 2015 found that 97% of our students agreed that staff were good at explaining things.

Studying at the only dental hospital in Wales you will have the opportunity to serve and manage patients of diverse ages and backgrounds with a wide range of dental disease.

Dental hygienists work closely with other members of the dental team. A dental hygienist can carry out treatments such as scaling and polishing, oral health promotion and preventative fissure sealants for both adults and children.

Clinical skills are developed in the School’s recently refurbished £2.2M clinical skills laboratory, a facility that closely simulates the real clinical experience, allowing you to prepare and practice for patient care. You will have the opportunity to train alongside dental therapists, dental hygienists and dentists learning the same skills. This will support your understanding of how your role fits the dental team environment in preparation for when you qualify.

The dedicated dental library houses an extensive collection of books and journals to aid your learning. You will also have access to an undergraduate IT suite and to a new £1.5M redevelopment of lecture theatres and student social spaces on the Heath Park campus.

You will be taught by a dedicated team of academic clinical staff and consultants within the dental hospital as well as clinical staff working in the primary care environment. The quality of the teaching you will receive has recently been ranked the best in the UK for dentistry (Guardian’s University Guide 2016). The School's courses were given a maximum 100 out of 100 score.

Our students have one the best employability records amongst the UK dental schools. In 2015, 99% of our undergraduate students secured a UK position 6-months post qualification. Key destinations include primary dental practice, hospital dental practice, academic or research posts.

Cardiff University School of Dentistry was ranked 1st in the Guardian University Guide 2016 and the Times Good University Guide 2016, making it the best place to study as a dental care professional in the UK.

Being a Dental student at Cardiff is great! I thoroughly enjoyed learning all about the weird and wonderful things that go on in the body during our anatomy and physiology lectures, as well as having pre-operative sessions on phantom heads to prepare us for our first patients!

CC including Biology or Human Biology with (where applicable) a pass in the practical element of the A level. Please note, General Studies and Critical Thinking will not be accepted. OR where a grade A in the EPQ is presented a typical offer will be CD including Biology or Human Biology with (where applicable) a pass in the practical element of the A level. Please note, General Studies and Critical Thinking will not be accepted.

30 points to include 17 at Higher Level with 5 in Biology or Human Biology. You will require 4 in Standard Level English if you do not hold GCSE English at grade B or grade 6.

Alternative qualifications may be accepted. For further information on entry requirements, see the School of Dentistry admissions criteria pages.

If you are an overseas applicant and your first language is not English, please visit our English Language requirements page for more information on our accepted qualifications.

You will require a minimum of five GCSEs/IGCSEs with 4 at grade C or 5/4. The GCSEs must include GCSE/IGCSE English Language or Welsh (First) Language at a minimum of grade B or 6.

We offer two closely allied programmes: a Diploma in Dental Hygiene (two year programme) and a BSc in Dental Hygiene and Therapy (three year programme), both of which are modular, running in parallel for their first two years.

Throughout the programmes the teaching and implementation of professionalism is critical. You will be taught aspects of law and ethics in dentistry as well as the practicalities of dental treatments, and to recognise the importance and necessity of your lifelong and professional development.

Your opportunity to engage and motivate patients and provide contemporary clinical treatments make dental hygiene a stimulating career.

The modules shown are an example of the typical curriculum and will be reviewed prior to the 2019/20 academic year. The final modules will be published by September 2019. You are advised to check the final module descriptions when they are available to ensure that the programme meets your needs.

During your first year you will study biomedical sciences, human disease subjects and oral disease and its prevention. An introductory module to clinical practice takes place in term two with the aim of preparing you for your first patient contact in term three.

During year two your course subjects will include dental radiology, oral medicine, and dental public health. The focus will then turn to periodontology (gum disease) and its clinical treatment. During this year you will also be managing your own patients under supervision.

In year two you will also have the opportunity to attend clinical placements at local ‘outreach’ dental clinics, providing treatment to the dental public in situations closely allied to the general practice arena. In some of these areas you will work alongside dental students in a teamwork approach to patient care.

The University is committed to providing a wide range of module options where possible, but please be aware that whilst every effort is made to offer choice this may be limited in certain circumstances. This is due to the fact that some modules have limited numbers of places available, which are allocated on a first-come, first-served basis, while others have minimum student numbers required before they will run, to ensure that an appropriate quality of education can be delivered; some modules require students to have already taken particular subjects, and others are core or required on the programme you are taking. Modules may also be limited due to timetable clashes, and although the University works to minimise disruption to choice, we advise you to seek advice from the relevant School on the module choices available.

Teaching on the programme is integrated, so you will learn the scientiﬁc and pathological processes underlying oral and dental disease at the same time as you acquire the clinical skills to manage patients appropriately. We use a variety of methods to enrich your learning experience. These include lectures, small-group seminars and tutorials, direct clinical teaching and e-learning packages. You will be encouraged to research topics and on occasions to present work to your peers.

Knowledge, skills and professional attitudes are assessed both formatively and summatively throughout the course, using a range of assessment tools. Assessment tasks include written examinations and assignments, clinical case reports, practical skills tests, projects, portfolios, competency assessments, online assessments, oral presentations and clinical examinations.

You will receive the support of personal tutors based at the School of Dentistry. When on placements, you will be supported by an experienced clinical lead.

General communication will be delivered via Learning Central, the University’s Virtual Learning Environment, to which all students have access. Notes from lectures and other course material, as well as online assessments, will be available on Learning Central. Our SMS Service also allows important information to be sent directly to mobile phones.

The School of Dentistry operates an inclusive curriculum policy. This means that, for most academic assessments, reasonable adjustments can be made in line with recommendations from Student Support. High professional standards are expected, and although reasonable adjustments will be met as far as possible, the School will need to consider the requirements of the General Dental Council. If you have concerns regarding adjustments you may need, we are happy to discuss the nature, implications and potential solutions as part of the pre-application process.

Formative feedback is provided following assessment tasks and during clinical encounters both verbally and as digitally recorded written feedback. Students are encouraged to use personalised feedback to inform their future learning. Assessments at each level are scheduled at appropriate stages, and are identifiable within an assessment blueprint.

attained the standards required by Cardiff University for the award of a Diploma of Higher Education in Dental Hygiene;

achieved the required level of competency to become an independent practising dental hygienist/therapist having met the registration standards expected by the General Dental Council (GDC).

This will be measured across four domains identified by the GDC: clinical, communication, professionalism, management and leadership (Preparing for Practise 2015).

Clinical Skills. You will develop the clinical skills required to graduate as an independent practising dental hygienist.

Team-working. You will undertake a variety of group-based activities, working in pairs and alternating between operating and assisting. This develops your ability to work collaboratively. We ensure that you work closely with the wider dental team, including: NHS consultants, dental care professionals, dental nurses, dental technicians and administrative staff.

Communication skills. You will develop the ability to communicate effectively throughout the course, from formal lectures to interaction with individuals from different backgrounds. You are expected to demonstrate this ability through a commitment to a reflective practice ePortfolio.

Self-directed learning. You are expected to commit a substantial amount of time to self- directed learning, using the vast information resource provided. Your ability to drive your learning and development will be vital in continued personal and professional development.

Information technology. Skills will be developed through Computer Aided Learning, Word Processing, Statistical Packages, Presentation software, information skills and the computer-based patient booking and electronic record system SALUD.

Our students have one the best employability records amongst the UK dental schools, in 2015 99% of our undergraduate students secured a UK position 6-months post qualification. Key destinations include Primary Dental Practice, Hospital Dental Practice, Academic or Research posts.

On qualification, clinicians register with the General Dental Council and are able to work in various areas of the dental sector: general practice; community dental clinics; teaching hospitals and dental schools as well as opportunities in the armed forces.

A full NHS bursary, including tuition fees and a non-repayable bursary for living costs, is available for this programme. Further details are available on our NHS funding pages.

We have a range of residences to suit your needs and budget. Find out more on our accommodation pages.

In years two you will have the opportunity to attend clinical placements at local outreach dental clinics, providing treatment to the dental public in situations closely allied to the general practice arena. In some of these areas you will work alongside dental students in a teamwork approach to patient care.

Get information and advice about making an application and learn more about our admissions criteria.

Our Campus Visit Day on Saturday 1 December 2018 will give you a brief overview of life at Cardiff University.

Key Information Sets (KIS) make it easy for prospective students to compare information about full or part time undergraduate courses, and are available on the Unistats website.

Academic life at Cardiff University is challenging, innovative and rewarding. Our students learn from leading researchers and teachers who are driven by creativity and curiosity.

Our Promise: Welcome to Care2, the world's largest community for good. Here, you'll find over 45 million like-minded people working towards progress, kindness, and lasting impact.

Care2 Stands Against: bigots, bullies, science deniers, misogynists, gun lobbyists, xenophobes, the willfully ignorant, animal abusers, frackers, and other mean people. If you find yourself aligning with any of those folks, you can move along, nothing to see here.

Care2 Stands With: humanitarians, animal lovers, feminists, rabble-rousers, nature-buffs, creatives, the naturally curious, and people who really love to do the right thing.

When I expounded on my $80 nightgown, I never envisioned it’d start a three-section arrangement of articles. However here we are.

On Monday, I expounded on why I purchased brilliant night wear. (I’ve been wearing them all week, incidentally. They’re amazing.)

On Wednesday, I distributed a subsequent piece that investigated the “get it forever” logic, and clarified why here and there it bodes well to shop dependent on quality rather than cost.

Today, I need to invest a little energy investigating the moral ramifications of purchasing costly things.

Quality tends to accompany a cost. While there are approaches to moderate a portion of these higher expenses — purchase utilized, sit tight for deals, and so forth — on the off chance that you need to purchase new quality things, you will pay a premium.

Along these lines, quality is frequently something saved for the rich. On the off chance that you have cash, you appreciate the advantage of having the capacity to purchase quality things (if that is the thing that you need). In case you’re battling with cash, in case you’re still owing debtors, at that point it might be troublesome for you to organize quality over cost.

Like such a large number of things throughout everyday life, this is in a general sense unjustifiable. Be that as it may, that is the manner by which things are.

I love to write. I love building communities. I love interacting with other folks in the world of personal finance. And I hope that, in some small way, Exeios is able to help you.

company financials finance and business finance in business finance sites investment ideas investments with high returns mutual funds new finance online finance small investments smart investment top mutual funds ways to invest money where to invest

We are a committed group of mothers who are all qualified as Breastfeeding Peer Supporters. We volunteer our time to assist you with breastfeeding as we understand the importance of support and a friendly face during what can be a tricky time.

The group is aimed at breastfeeding mothers, and their partners, who are looking for guidance and support both in the early days, and throughout their breastfeeding journey. Please feel free to come when you are pregnant.

We offer help and reassurance and will signpost you to medical experts and advisors where necessary.

Please come along for support and a friendly ear and to meet other mums who are at a similar stage to you.

We can accommodate toddlers and preschool children but we are not a playgroup, please feel free to come and we will aim to distract them with a box of toys whilst you get the breastfeeding support you need.

We will be visited by Jemma our lovely Bra Lady and other local mums who provide breastfeeding clothing and the like, they will help with the financial running costs of the group.

We're always accepting social members and for exceptional players of all classes, If you feel Exhumed is the guild for you click here to apply.

Archives Select Month August 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (3) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (2) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (8) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (4)

Exmoor - 4- Why has the pebble and shingle ridge at Porlock Bay become progressively more vulnerable to breaching?

4- Why has the pebble and shingle ridge at Porlock Bay become progressively more vulnerable to breaching?

7-Who actually determines how coastal environments such as Porlock Bay should be managed in the future?

10-How has the management of change at Porlock Marsh been affected by its location within the protected landscape of Exmoor National Park?

During the past 4000 years the coastal system at Porlock Bay has become what Orford (2004 p 1) describes as ‘sediment constrained and storm wave dominated’ and ‘a barrier subject to over washing, landward migration, breaching and tidal lagoon development’. A report by DEFRA and the Environment Agency in 2001 stated that ‘studies reveal a history of transitions between freshwater and saline conditions indicative of a barrier that was periodically breached and resealed as it migrated inland’. Ballance (2001) identifies that ‘in some periods heavy rainfall and occasional breaches caused an extension of the flooded area behind the ridge. This happened from 1946-1951 and from 1959 to 1962’. In the recent past major breaches and inundations of the hinterland of the pebble ridge occurred in 1910, 1981 and 1990 for example and Posford Duviuier (1992) reported that the ridge was overtopped on every high tide between 1939 and 1960.

As a consequence the pebble ridge has become progressively weakened and unstable over time and increasingly susceptible to breaching as ‘major changes in the ridge morphodynamics have taken place’ (Pethick 1996 p 6) as a result of several inter-related factors:

Head sediment supply of gravel, sands and pebbles from the cliffs between Foreland Point and Gore Point to the west of Porlock Bay has ‘virtually ceased’ (Orford 2004 p 4) as a result of decreasing rates of relative sea level rise particularly over the past 2000 years (Jennings et al 1998). As a consequence the current sediment supply entering the system and estimated to be in the range of 250 – 2000 cubic metres per year (Orford 2004 p 4), is failing to compensate for the volume of material lost, particularly in the central Porlock and Bossington beach portions of the ridge. The volume of sediment here has been reduced significantly as a result of highly destructive storm wave and overtopping events (where sediment is carried over the ridge by storm wash over) and the steady accumulation of material to the east at the Hurlestone Point end of the barrier as a result of ongoing longshore drift. The ridge has become therefore progressively unstable as a result of coastal processes ‘forcing the barrier into a more swash – aligned structure’ (Pethick p 8);

The pebble ridge is becoming increasingly longer and thinner making it more vulnerable to breaching and overtopping. A study by Posford Duvivier (1992) using measurements from historic maps revealed that the ridge increased in length by 6% as it was pushed landward by the sea from 1809 -1888. Whilst it was pushed landward the two ends of the pebble ridge nevertheless remained anchored at Porlock Weir at the western end and Hurlstone Point to the east. Subsequently the ridge had to bend or bow in the middle in order to keep itself anchored causing this 6% increase in length and corresponding reductions in its thickness;

The construction of groynes on the beach face and sea walls at the back of the beach face at Porlock Beach to protect the main road from Porlock Weir to Porlock and at Porlock Weir itself adjacent to the quay and dock at the western end of the ridge in the early 19th century, has interrupted and reduced the replenishing sediment supply entering the system from the west. The image in Resource 27 shows wooden groynes constructed on the pebble ridge east of New Works.

The vulnerability of the pebble ridge was summarised in a Porlock Ridge and Saltmarsh SSSI report by Natural England in 2008 (p 1):

“This major source of coarse sediment has long since disappeared, leaving only a relatively insignificant input of sediment from occasional cliff falls. The inputs of sediment to the beach ridge from this modern source are too small to sustain the earlier beach profile and the increase in the length of the ridge as it continues to rollback, in a lengthening curve into Porlock Bay. This means that the ridge has been growing steadily thinner ever since it was formed, a condition exacerbated by the further reduction in shingle inputs caused by the construction of groynes at Gore Point at the western extremity of the ridge”.

Until 1996 the response to breaching and overtopping events along the ridge was to undertake compensatory replenishment of the lost sediment. This commonly involved dredging material (mostly gravel, sand and mud) from the entrance to Porlock Weir harbour and transporting it along the ridge by digger where it was used to strengthen points of identified weakness and to fill breaches. Bulldozers were also used to push pebbles and shingle that had washed over the ridge during storms back onto the ridge again to reinforce it – see for example the ridge restoration work of 1991 shown in the photograph in Resource 28. The period 1967 – 1971 saw a prolonged period of such ridge replenishment (Ballance 2001 p 4). The photographs in Resource 29 and Resource 30 show the ridge being replenished and strengthened following storm damage in 1952.

The construction of groynes, sea walls and beach replenishment through dredging and deposition of sediment, are often referred to as techno-centric and interventionist coastal management practices. Explain what you understand techno-centric practices to be and how they differ from eco-centric or non-interventionist coastal management policies. See pages 37-38 of the following document to begin your research http://www.licco.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/LiCCo-A-Level-Teaching-Programme.pdf

Check our Vacancies on our jobs page. Have you considered volunteering? If we do not have a suitable vacancy at present, you may find an event or activity of interest on our Get Involved Section.

Sign up today to keep up to date with Exmoor information - from Wildlife and Tourism News to the latest volunteering opportunities.

One of our favorite animals in the grasslands and mountains of the west is the Pronghorn. Driving through the western parts of South Dakota and the state of Wyoming in fall, well, you can’t miss them. We saw many herds or single individuals along the road during our trip. The Pronghorn is not an antelope, as many people call them pronghorn antelope, it is a unique American creature, neither in the antelope nor goat family, and has been in North America for over a million years. The pronghorn is the fastest animal in the Western Hemisphere. It can run at speeds of up to 60 miles per hour and it can run long distances at speeds of 30-40 miles per hour. (source: http://www.nhptv.org/natureworks/pronghorn.htm)

Facts aside, the Pronghorn is also a very beautiful animal and I don’t know any photographers who would turn their back if this critter is within the reach of the lens. As you can imagine, the colors of their fur, including black, white, and brown, can bare a challenge during the day hours, because of too much contrast. Getting up early in the morning or staying late in the evening will lead to the results you may have in mind. This seems to be a rule that can be applied to almost any critter out in the open of the prairies and grasslands, but for the Pronghorn I would put a bet on…

Sixteen years ago, I began my career as a financial advisor. I started in this business because I believed in the stewardship of money and life. I still do. In fact, my mission is to help you live the one life you have the best way you can. Typically, that means helping you make sure you have the income you need, when you need it for as long as you need it. After all, for most people, retirement is made possible by one thing: rising income that lasts as long as you do.

To that end, I established Dye Creek Capital as an independent investment practice offering institutional-style private wealth management services through Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network. The philosophy of my practice is to treat you with the same dignity and respect with which I treat my family and friends; therefore, all decisions are made with your best interests in mind.

In addition to my registered support staff, I employ two, Client Hospitality Associates. Both of my associates have Down syndrome. As the proud father of four children – two with Down syndrome – this way of doing business enables me to live out my convictions and make my professional life as authentic as my personal life. It is fair to say that on a weekly basis, they teach me more than I teach them about what's truly important in life.

I hope you will take a few moments to peruse my website and learn more about my firm, qualifications and services. If you like what you see and want to learn more, please feel free to contact us.

It's important to identify the potential risks that threaten your business, create a disaster plan, and obtain adequate insurance.

ETFs have some attractive features that set them apart from mutual funds, but there are also cost and risk factors to consider.

IRS rules allow a working spouse to contribute to an IRA for a spouse who earns little or no income.

Dollar-cost averaging can be an effective way to accumulate shares without focusing on market movements.

This information is intended for use only by residents of (CA, FL, GA, IN, MS, NC, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, WA). Please consult with each individual Financial Advisor listed on this site to understand what states they are licensed to transact business.

Jaguar has taken the wraps off its all-new Jaguar XF at the New York motor show, with UK order books now open and the first deliveries taking place towards the end of this year. Prices will start from £32,300.

With the launch of the smaller Jaguar XE to compete with cars like the BMW 3 Series, the XF moves up-market to take on the BMW 5 Series.

Unusually, considering this move upmarket, the new XF is actually shorter by 7mm and lower by 3mm than the model it replaces. But the wheelbase has grown by a significant 51mm. This has enabled Jaguar to improve the rear seat space, which was more adequate than generous on the current Jaguar XF. With the new XF Jaguar claims “segment-leading for rear seat space”, with rear legroom increased by 15mm, knee-room up by 24mm and 27mm more headroom.

As well as avoiding middle age spread in its overall dimensions, Jaguar has kept weight under control. The new XF uses the same 75% aluminium architecture as the smaller XE. Compared with the current XF the new car is 190kg lighter and 30% stiffer – leading to Jaguar’s claim of class-leading weight, at 80kg less than the best of the competition.

Lighter weight and an aerodynamic efficiency of 0.26Cd combine with the efficient new Ingenium engines to produce carbon dioxide emissions of 104 g/km and a combined fuel economy of 71.7 mpg on the 2.0d 163PS model with the manual gearbox.

The exterior design has evolved, while retaining the clear family likeness to the current Jaguar XF. Perhaps the biggest change is a new design style for the interior.

“I believe the all-new XF is the best looking car in its class,” says Ian Callum, Director of Design for Jaguar. “Elegant, handsome and with proportions that imbue a great sense of integrity – the all-new XF is true to the great tradition of sporting Jaguar saloons while being completely of its time.”

Connectivity, information and entertainment are areas where manufacturers are vying with each other to provide better and more integrated systems.

"InControl Touch Pro is the most sophisticated infotainment system we've ever developed and uses a quad-core processor, solid-state drive and Ethernet to deliver exceptional performance,” says Ian Hoban, Vehicle Line Director for the Jaguar XF. “The 10.2-inch touchscreen and features such as our latest Dual View technology and navigation that can learn your commute make every journey in the all-new XF even more rewarding."

As well as the ability to seamlessly connect Apple or Android smartphones when in the car, the InControl Remote App means that owners of the XF can connect to their car from anywhere they have a connection. Using this app owners can check if the alarm has been triggered and reset it. The app can also check the doors and windows are closed and locked. The app can also display how much fuel is in the tank and download mileages from business trips to help with the task of claiming expenses!

Usefully, the app can display the XF’s location on a map – handy if you have parked in a busy car park or unfamiliar city.

It seems likely that Jaguar will produce four-wheel-drive versions of the new XF at some point, but, for the moment it is available with All-Surface Progress Control, which is designed to keep the car mobile on slippery surfaces like ice and snow. The system automatically manages the brakes and throttle to maintain grip at speeds up to 30 kph.

Power units for the new Jaguar XF are the two-litre Ingenium engines in petrol and diesel forms, a twin-turbocharged 3.0 diesel and a three-litre supercharged petrol V6 with an eight-speed automatic transmission.

Events | Auction Room Bar - Bedford's most stylish cocktail bar, The Auction Room Bar on Duke Street, Bedford, UK.

Our Coastal residential style hotel is designed for business travelers and leisure alike perfect for those who have to be awa...

Apartments located in downtown Surf City, close to beach access (2nd Row), vending machine on premises, weekly specials avail...

Leather slouch bag from the FRIDA range by Carpisa, featuring metal applications along the entire length of the handle to match the buckles on the detachable shoulder belt.

Products purchased on the www.carpisa.com online store are normally delivered within 3 working days from the order date in Italy (except islands and remote locations), and within 6 working days in the EU.

Deliveries may incur slight delays during holiday periods; couriers do not deliver on 25/12, 26/12, 01/01 or on weekends.

An extra working day, compared to the above terms, is required for orders paid for by credit card to allow for standard administration procedures. For orders paid for by bank transfer, delivery times will be calculated upon receiving payment confirmation.

If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you have 14 days from the order reception date to return purchased products.

Having read the Information Notice on the processing of Personal Data and having understood that the conferral of Personal Data for marketing and profiling purposes is optional, I hereby grant my consent to the use of my Personal Data Kuvera S.p.A for marketing purposes (newsletters, news and promotions) as foreseen in point 2 letter b) of the Information Notice

Kuvera S.p.A. (Carpisa), and Triboo Digitale Srl would like to provide you with complete and transparent information on the processing of your personal data (hereafter “Personal Data”) provided to and/or collected by the www.carpisa.com website (hereafter the “Site”).

The subjects collecting and processing Personal Data in their capacities as Data Controllers (hereafter collectively “Data Controllers”) are:

Pursuant to art. 29 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 as amended, the Data Controllers may appoint one or more chief data processors to process the Personal Data on their behalf (hereafter collectively the “Chief Data Processors”). At present, one of the Chief Data Processors appointed by Triboo Digitale Srl to the processing of your personal data is Thun Logistic S.r.l., who will process the data required to ship the merchandise and manage any returns you may make.

A complete updated list of the Chief Data Processors appointed by the Data Controllers can be obtained by request to the above addresses or by email to privacy@triboo.it.

(i) execution of the sales contract, fulfilling of accounting and legal requirements, after-sales services;

(iii) upon your consent, to process any requests for information and assistance you make via the Site.

b. upon your consent, for marketing purposes: more specifically, the sending of advertising or direct sale material, market research or commercial communications, also personalised with automated contact methods (email, other distance communication systems via communication networks such as, by way of example only: sms, mms, Whatsapp) and traditional methods (printed materials) and the proposal of personalised sales services of the Kuvera S.p.A..

c. upon your consent, for profiling purposes, more specifically for analyses on your consumer preferences consisting in automated processing of Personal Data including the data related to purchases made via the online store. Such processing aims to provide analytical knowledge or foresee shopping preferences with the view of creating customer profiles.

name, surname, email, date of birth, gender, address, telephone number, civil status, number of family members, profession, education

Certain Personal Data we will highlight each time during the registration or shopping processes are essential to conclude the purchase contract, to fulfil administration and accounting requirements and/or process your requests for information or support and/or complete the Site registration procedure (Paragraph 2 letter a. )

The processing of Personal Data for profiling and marketing purposes (Paragraph 2 letters b. and c.) is optional and therefore such details will only be recorded to our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems for processing of Personal Data for marketing and profiling purposes when you grant your consent.

You are entitled, at any moment in time, to revoke your consent to the processing of your details for marketing and/or profiling purposes (Paragraph 2 letters b. and c.) sending a request to Kuvera S.p.A at the addresses provided above. Failure to confer your Personal Data and/or grant your consent to the processing of the same, will make it impossible to pursue profiling and marketing activities but will in no way affect your shopping activities on the Site.

Personal Data conferred and/or collected by the Data Controllers is processed using automated systems and, in some cases, hard copies may also be processed and retained. More specifically, the processing of Personal Data for profiling and marketing purposes shall be recorded to the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems for processing of Personal Data for marketing and profiling purposes by Kuvera SpA. You hereby acknowledge that Personal Data can also be transferred abroad, also to Non-EU member states and the Public authorities in such states may have the right to access Personal Data.

Personal Data collected for administration-accounting purposes (Paragraph 2 letter a.) shall be retained for time required to execute the contract and/or process your request for information and support submitted via the Site, in accordance with the retention periods foreseen by applicable local rules and regulations.

The Personal Data regarding the details of the purchases made on the Site used for profiling and/or marketing purposes shall be retained for the retention period foreseen by the provisions issued by the Guarantor Authority for the protection of personal data (hereafter: the “Authority” on 24 February 2005 or, if consent is granted, for the number of years foreseen by the provision regulating any preliminary verification request which may be presented by Kuvera S.p.A and adopted by the Authority where applicable.

employees and collaborators of the Chief Processors designated by the Data Controllers to provide such processing services including (i) the companies that manage the physical stores and the online store and can view, amend and update the Personal Data on the CRM systems through which Kuvera S.p.A performs the processing activities for marketing and profiling purposes (ii) the companies that manage the retention of the Personal Data of the Data Controllers according to agreements or local regulations;

third-parties established in the European Union and also outside the EU, Chief Data Processors appointed by the Data Controllers to provide, in particular, services regarding data entry and acquisition, deliveries, mailing of promotional materials, after-sales and customer care support, market research, management and maintenance of the CRM systems used by Kuvera S.p.A. performs its processing activities for profiling and marketing purposes and the other corporate IT systems.

You can receive the complete list of the Chief Data Processors designated by the Data Controllers sending a request to this email address privacy@triboo.it or to the postal addresses above. Personal Data can also be communicated to third parties, autonomous data processors, particularly to professionals or enterprises providing legal or tax assistance and advice and to companies managing credit or debit card payments. Personal data shall not be subject to any form of dissemination. Personal Data may be transferred to Countries outside the EU, Countries that do not provide adequate levels of data security, only in accordance with the guarantees established by the applicable laws in force.

Pursuant to art. 7 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 of CHAPTER III of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, you are entitled, at any moment in time, to receive information on your Personal Data subject to processing by the Data Controllers (access right) and request the integration, rectification, erasure or opposition of the same. In addition to the aforementioned rights, as of 25 May 2018 (when Regulation (EU) 2016/679 comes into force), you can also exercise the following rights: processing restrictions, portability of data and claim proposals to be transmitted to the Supervisory Authority;

In particular, you are entitled to oppose, wholly or in part, the processing of personal data for the sending of advertising or direct sale material, market research or commercial communications, with automated contact methods (email, other distance communication systems via communication networks such as, by way of example only: sms, mms, Whatsapp) and traditional methods (mailing of hard copies).

If you prefer your personal data be processed using traditional contact methods only, you can oppose the processing of your personal data using automated contact methods.

In order to exercise your rights, you can send a request to the Data Controllers to this email address privacy@triboo.it or to the postal addresses above.

1. The Data Subject has the right to request confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you exists, regardless of their being already recorded, and communication of such data in an intelligible form.

d. the personal data of the Data Controller, the persons in charge and the designated representatives pursuant to Art.5 paragraph 2;

e. the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who may become aware of such data in their capacity as Representatives for the Country, Chief Processors or Designated Officers.

b. erasure, anonymisation or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed;

c. certification to the effect that the operations as per letters a) and b) have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated, unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected.

a. on legitimate grounds, to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection;

b. to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.

Speaks for itself -- what I really believe about charting and all forms of TA pic.twitter.com/IKYLUJaByr

Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq detained a 20-year-old Iraqi man Friday on suspicion of raping and murdering a 14-year-old Jewish girl in Germany, German...

German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz said on Friday that businesses readying for Brexit should prepare for a worst-case scenario even though there was "no...

Planemakers gave a glimpse of the ultra-long-distance jets of the future on Sunday as they work to meet a demanding goal from Australia's Qantas to connect...

German prosecutors have charged three former German Football Association (DFB) officials and one Swiss former official from world soccer's governing body FIFA...

Deutsche Bank's CEO is trying to reassure employees that the bank's turnaround will succeed despite more downbeat news including a credit downgrade from...

Germany’s spy agency can monitor major internet hubs if Berlin deems it necessary for strategic security interests, a federal court has ruled.

The operator of the world’s largest internet hub challenged the legality of sweeping telecoms surveillance by Germany’s spy agency, a German court heard...

The operator of the world's largest internet hub challenged the legality of sweeping telecoms surveillance by Germany's spy agency, a German court heard...

European stock markets fell further Tuesday on Italy's political chaos, with Milan's FTSE MIB index shedding 1.73 percent to 21,554.16 points compared with...

European equities markets rose Monday, led by the Milan FTSE MIB stock exchange, which jumped nearly two percent as investors backed Carlo Cottarelli, an...

Deutsche Bank AG is considering 10,000 job cuts and retreating from equities markets across the world as part of a sweeping overhaul by Chief Executive...

European stocks rose Tuesday, with London hitting a record peak on upbeat global sentiment and easing Italian political worries, dealers said.

Global stock markets mostly rose Monday after the U.S. and China said they had agreed to hold off imposing tariffs, averting a damaging trade war at least for...

Jupp Heynckes was forced to deny Bayern Munich are bad losers after their shock 3-1 defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt in the German Cup final ruined his final...

German lender DZ Bank will suspend financial transactions with Iran in July, it said, after U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran...

Niko Kovac faces his future employer as his Eintracht Frankfurt side take on Bayern Munich Saturday in the German Cup final.

European stock markets fell at the start of trading on Friday, with profit-taking setting in after record highs a day earlier.

German cities are entitled to ban older diesel vehicles from streets with immediate effect to bring air pollution levels in line with European Union rules,...

It’s been 50 years since Jil Sander founded her own fashion house as a plucky 20-something in postwar Germany, creating modern, minimalist clothes that would...

New Delhi, Jan 22 (IANS) The season’s coldest day was reported in Delhi on Friday with the minimum temperature recorded at 4.2 degrees Celsius, three notches below the season’s average.

According to the Northern Railway, 35 trains were cancelled while 14 were running late due to dense fog in and around Delhi. One train had to be rescheduled.

The city was engulfed by dense fog with the visibility slumping to 200 metre and the humidity at 8.30 a.m was recorded at 97 percent, according to the weather office.

“Today was the season’s coldest morning. Dense fog in Delhi and it’s adjoining areas continue to affect the visibility. The weather is likely to remain the same in the coming days,” said an official of the India Meteorological Department (IMD).

The sky during the day will be clear and the maximum temperature is likely to hover around 18 degrees celsius.

Thursday’s maximum temperature settled at 17.3 degree Celsius, four notches below the season’s average while the minimum temperature was recorded at 6.9 degree Celsius, one notch below the season’s average.

New Delhi, Jan 26 (IANS) President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday greeted Australia and its people on their National Day.

“Warm greetings and felicitations to the government and people of Australia on their National Day,” the president tweeted.

We are engrossed in manufacturing supreme quality Online Cream Separator. This product is mainly intended to separate cream from milk and our product does this efficiently because of its high speed of about 440RPM. We manufacture these products using supreme quality materials and components and as per the latest technology in adherence to the international standards of quality. Our products are quality tested and verified. Our products have the potential of about 5000 LPH. We also offer standard tools & accessories together with this product. The powerful functionality of this product is owing to its very potent motor. These cream separator machine is cost-effective as it offers high yield in a very energy efficient manner. We offer our products at incredible price rates. We are the leading Online Cream Separator supplier of India.

Dairy Equipments | Dairy Equipments Manufacturer | Dairy Equipments Supplier | Dairy Equipments Exporter | Dairy Equipments India

Karen has dual certification as both a “Certified Laughter Yoga Teacher,” trained by Jeffrey Briar, as well as “Certified Laughter Wellness Instructor,” trained by Sebastien Gendry, the founder of Laughter Wellness. Karen's excitement and passion for utilizing laughter for health & wellness shines through in each class. Her light-hearted, playful approach is welcoming to newcomers as well as seasoned laughers.	

I'm also going to start reviewing picture books! The idea sprang to me via Little Brown who sent me a couple of picture books for the 3-5 age range. I find it especially rewarding because I can read them to Lily ask her what she thought of the books and incorporate them into my reviews! Plus, Lily gets a change to learn what comprehension is! I sent an e-mail to a publisher and they just got back to me with an enthusiastic YES! I am so happy! I will also be giving away picture books as well! So if you have small children, let me know. Picture books are so important for our children and getting them out there is just as important for the parents. I know when I'm book shopping for Lily, I NEVER know what to get her. She tends to go for the Spongebob, Max & Ruby books (I love M&R, but I'd like to venture into something a bit more original). So I'm going to dedicate one day a week to picture books. I'm not sure WHAT day that is. Also, if you know of someone who has small children, please point them in this direction so they can see what is out, coming out, and what picture book to look forward to! I'm extremely excited about this! (Bought my tix to Hannah Montana movie for Lily on Friday, she's beyond thrilled!)

Thank you for commenting! Every comment is very important and I thank you for taking the time to join in the discussion!

Blog Archive February (1) December (2) November (5) October (2) September (2) August (4) July (2) June (16) May (1) February (1) November (1) October (3) August (1) July (1) June (2) May (1) April (2) March (1) February (7) January (2) December (2) November (1) August (1) July (3) May (4) March (3) February (2) December (2) November (3) October (3) September (9) August (5) July (5) June (5) May (9) April (6) March (14) February (10) January (13) December (15) November (8) October (7) September (14) August (2) July (9) June (16) May (15) April (17) March (13) February (11) January (21) December (14) November (17) October (5) September (6) August (4) July (8) June (6) May (7) April (12) March (15) February (14) January (16) December (6) November (2) October (5) September (12) August (8) July (3) June (15) May (6) April (6) March (10) February (8) January (19) December (12) November (22) October (17) September (17) August (28) July (15) June (24) May (25) April (38) March (22) February (23) January (17) December (13) November (1)

Cookies are small files held on your computer which allow us to give you the best browsing experience possible. You can delete and block cookies but parts of our site will not work without them. By using our website you accept our use of cookies.

We are currently accessing the GIA database for the requested certificate. Please wait whilst this downloads.

Unfortunately the certificate for this diamond cannot currently be shown. Either the certificate is unavailable from GIA or there may be a temporary communications error. Please try again later or contact us for more information.

All orders above USD 1,000 (about GBP 600 or about Euro 730) recieve Free FedEx Delivery. We currently deliver products to anywhere globally where FedEx provides a normal delivery service. If your country is not in the list, please contact us at enquiries@lavivion.com.

Orders above USD 10,000 (about GBP 6,000 or about Euro 7,300) or above payment gate or above credit card limits should be saved as wish list. Please send Your wishlist in this case to enquiries@lavivion.com and please call as afterword. La Vivon will send an invoice for You within 24 hrs for bank transfer.

Taxes, duties and delivery charges if any and estimated timescales are specified when you place an order. You should not expect to pay any additional payment (duties and taxes) on delivery. La Vivion has a policy to include estimated customs fees, import duties, taxes, and other charges, including VAT into the price a customer pays at the Checkout. The customs fees, import duties, taxes, and other charges, including VAT amount is calculated based on the shipping destination of your order. Please note that this charge will appear in the shopping basket after you have entered a shipping destination. La Vivion passes all rights to do custom clearance, pay all necessary taxes to FedEx. Value added tax (VAT) will be applied for all orders placed on the www.lavivion.com website where applicable. Orders from www.LaVivion.com are ineligible for the VAT Retail Export Scheme because www.LaVivion.com is an internet-based mail-order company and is ineligible to participate.

The delivery address is provided by you when placing the order. Goods are deemed to be delivered when our delivering agent delivers them to the delivery address (you will be asked to sign a delivery note) or, in the case our delivering agent attempts without success to deliver the goods at your delivery address, when collected by you at the address indicated by our delivering agent in the ticket he will leave at the delivery address. You are required to collect the goods in 5 working days from receiving the notification by our delivering agent of goods waiting for your collection. Once the 5 working days are elapsed, goods will be deemed to have been delivered successfully and returns can only be made under the return policy conditions.

If you would like to exchange or return an item purchased from our website, please email us at enquires@lavivion.com or contact via phone at UK number 0800 046 1340 or at USA number 1 866 805 5010. The goods should be in its original condition, along with the original dispatch note and packaging. We charge USD 50 on every return case for restocking.

We provide the option of a full No Question Asked refund within 20 days of delivery. The goods should be in its original condition, along with the original dispatch documents, diamond certificate (if any) and packaging.

a) all items where the diamond is priced below £15,000 or USD 20,000 excluding VAT (items above this threshold subject to refund within 7 days of delivery)

c) we cannot accept returns of earrings. This is for hygiene reasons and doesn’t affect your statutory rights.

d) Purchased items with any element of personalization, engraving, designs by or for the client via “design your own…”, may be not considered for return and refund.

Returns of orders will be confirmed only where you have returned the item in its original condition, unworn and together with its original packaging and certificate where applicable. Non-return of the certificate will be charged at USD 400 for a replacement certificate and you may be charged an additional replacement cost for packaging and any other collateral material. Please note that clients who are returning their items will need to bear the costs of shipment and insurance. The cost will vary depending on the country where the item is dispatched from as well as the value of the item.

All diamonds returns are subject to verification and authentication by the Jewelry HK Ltd team. The cost of this verification is USD 100. For security reasons we recommend that you do not use the name La Vivion anywhere on the packaging of your returned item. To arrange a return we would require you to contact your La Vivion representative who will provide you with further instructions. Note: Jewelry HK Ltd will not be responsible for loss or damage of return shipments. We cannot be held liable for any loss or damage you may suffer as a result of your return or late delivery or cancellation of your order, so we advise that you retain all proof of posting documentation.

All Ring and Jewellery sizes and measurements are approximate but we endeavor to ensure that the sizes and measurements are accurate.

Would you like to add the following to your item? Click the sections below to add your details. Dont worry, if you change your mind you can edit your options on the shopping basket page.

Every Lavivion diamond ring is entirely unique according to the individual diamond placed in the setting. When using or leaving reviews please remember that exact products will vary according to the carat size and detailed characteristics of the diamond chosen.

Diamonds have quite a history behind them. These precious stones were first discovered in India, 800 BC. After diamonds had been dis...

You’ve found ‘the one’, and now you have to find perfect engagement ring that she will love forever! The options are endless and the pressure’s on, bu...

Just like with every important piece of jewellery, it’s great to know some helpful tips regarding the care and safety of the most valuable pieces in y...

It’s great that you can find so many beautiful styles of diamond earrings in many different shapes and sizes, but it does make finding the perfect bes...

Your wedding ring is something that you’ll wear for the rest of your life, so it has to be perfect! Spending a bit of time researching and deciding on...

One of the most important factors to consider when buying diamonds is their carats (ct). A carat is used to measure a diamond’s weight. However,...

Buying an engagement ring is such a bold and personal statement that shows someone special how much they mean to you. When it comes time to create you...

Choosing jewellery for the woman you love can be difficult, especially if you haven’t been a couple long enough to know what kind of jewellery she...

Like the frame around a classic piece of artwork, the setting for a diamond is the finishing touch, the element that completes and elevates a diam...

Diamonds come in a variety of shapes and colours. What should you look out for when choosing a diamond in terms of shape? TheMost Commo...

Welcome to La Vivion, where you will find some of the most beautiful diamonds in the world. The story of La Vivion began in 1668, whe...

Valentine’s Day, the most romantic day of the year we’re told, so surely it’s the very best day to drop down on one knee and present her with ...

Popping the question may only take a second to utter, but creating the perfect proposal – that one singular moment in time that will stay with you...

An engagement ring can often be a woman’s most treasured and meaningful item of jewellery, symbolising a commitment to one another and serving as ...

There’s no place on earth where diamonds are considered undesirable. That’s why purchasing your very first piece of diamond jewellery is a mom...

Diamonds come in many different sizes and a small diamond can be just as beautifully crafted and exceptional to behold as a large diamond, having said...

Loose diamonds have been popular for centuries. They were first sold by traders throughout Western Europe in the 13th century, gaining popular...

GIA – the Geological Institute of America - is an institute that is the leading authority on all kinds of gemstones including diamonds, colour...

Eternity Rings are given as a symbol of enduring love. The ring has no beginning or end it is meant as a physical representation of unending l...

The eternity ring represents enduring love. It is a symbol of eternal devotion and unending love, as the ring has no beginning or end. What...

Diamond rings are a symbol of you and your partner’s unending love. The diamond represents the permanence of your feelings and the ring, which...

In recent times, alternatives to yellow and natural gold rings are gaining prominence. The most popular of these alternatives metal choices fo...

Wedding rings are a symbol of eternal commitment to one another. But Californian designer Jess McWhinney has recently announced his latest wed...

Many want to purchase a diamond engagement ring that has a diamond of good size and clarity but can’t afford it. Second hand engagement rings ...

There is a new craze to sweep social media. This is the engagement ring selfie, where the left hand with the ring on it is taken a picture of and ...

In the 1930’s, an advertising campaign was begun by DeBeers jewellers stating that if you wanted to purchase an engagement ring then it was only a...

Are you looking to find the perfect engagement ring? If so, you probably know all about the 4 C’s; cut, colour, clarity and carats, and how to sel...

Choosing an engagement ring is a huge step in your relationship. Whether you’re the one proposing and choosing your own ring or, you and your partner ...

Everyone loves a gorgeous diamond engagement ring, but there are a few facts which you should know before you decide topurchase one. Here are our ...

Diamond is one of the hardest substances on earth, so it comes as no surprise that diamond rings are incredibly durable. However, despite thei...

If you are looking for a diamond ring that will stand out from the crowd, take a look at the range of unique engagement rings we have to offer at La...

A vintage engagement ring is one of the most important purchases you will make. A work of art, a vintage style engagement ring is full of style, el...

The Promise ring and eternity ring both symbolise eternal commitment. An eternity ring is often given as a gift to represent a lifetime commit...

A Diamond Eternity Ring symbolises an eternal commitment to a long and successful marriage or relationship. Along with Engagement rings and Wedd...

It doesn’t matter whether you are a royal prince or business magnate, popping the question has to be one of the most nerve-wracking experiences ...

Widely associated with Saint Valentine, the history of Valentine’s Day is steeped in romantic gestures of martyrdom and sacrifice. It is said th...

It’s the horror story all new brides dread – you’ve just finished doing the dishes and casually glance at your left hand, only to discover...

When choosing an engagement ring, you may find yourself overwhelmed by the choices you have for the band material. Gone are the days when t...

It is said that one in four still see marriage as the ultimate commitment. As Valentine’s Day approaches, the pressure is on for those loo...

December is one of the most popular times of the year to get engaged, with men proposing to their girlfriends with sparkling diamond engagement ring...

Christmas is a magical time when happiness fills every household. This joyful time of year is perfect for proposing, so if you are looking...

The Christmas period provides you with a magical atmosphere for a romantic marriage proposal. If you want to make your Christmas proposal extra ...

Finding the ideal gemstone for jewellery can be challenging. If you are on the lookout for the perfect gemstone, it is important to have an unde...

It is often said that the best diamonds are clear, or colourless. However, there are an amazing variety of naturally occurring colours in diamon...

Diamonds are graded by the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) or the American Gem Society Laboratories (AGSL). Grading precious gemstones ...

Diamonds provide charming beauty beyond compare, but a diamond has to posses many certifications in order to carry value. How can you judge a di...

While we make every effort to ensure the data listed here is correct, there may be instances where some of the pricing, options or vehicle features may be listed incorrectly as we get data from multiple data sources. Please confirm the details of this vehicle with the dealer to ensure its accuracy. Dealer cannot be held liable for data that is listed incorrectly.

﻿ Stabilized Earth Housing Delivery through the Public- Private Partnership: Panacea to Inadequate Housing Provision for the Low-Income in Nigerian Cities - Volume 5 Number 3 (Jun. 2013) - IJET

Abstract—Housing is a very critical basic need of man and constitutes the third necessity of life after food and clothing. The high cost of conventional building materials in Nigeria is making the government and the private sector to look for alternative sources of building materials locally in order to meet the housing needs of particularly the low-income citizens. This study looks at the use of stabilized earth bricks by the public-private partnership (PPP) initiative in trying to solve the problem of inadequate housing for low-income urban dwellers in Nigeria. The paper highlights the practice of the public-private partnership in some developed and developing countries for the purpose of delivering a project or service such as housing provision for the populace, which was traditionally provided by the public sector. It was noted that the stabilized earth bricks can be used in the various part of a building depending on the percentage of cement or other additives added to the earth to stabilize the bricks. Recommendations were then made as to how the stabilized earth bricks can be used to meet the housing needs of majority of the low-income urban dwellers in Nigeria.

Cite:A. A. Taiwo and Y. M. D. Adedeji, "Stabilized Earth Housing Delivery through the Public- Private Partnership: Panacea to Inadequate Housing Provision for the Low-Income in Nigerian Cities," International Journal of Engineering and Technology vol. 5, no. 3, pp. 413-415, 2013.

As [Jesus] was going into a village, ten men who had leprosy met him. They stood at a distance and called out in a loud voice, “Jesus, Master, have pity on us!” When he saw them, he said, “Go, show yourselves to the priests.” And as they went, they were cleansed. One of them, when he saw he was healed, came back, praising God in a loud voice. He threw himself at Jesus’ feet and thanked him—and he was a Samaritan. Jesus asked, “Were not all ten cleansed? Where are the other nine? Has no one returned to give praise to God except this foreigner?” Then he said to him, “Rise and go; your faith has made you well.” Luke 17:12-19 I've got no profound statements or deep revelations, I just felt in my spirit that today needs to be a day of thankfulness. We need to take time to drop to our knees in thankfulness for who Jesus is and what He has done in us and for us. It's so easy to devote so much of our thoughts and attention towards where we want to be and what we want Him to do that we forget how far He has brought us and what He has already done. HE IS SO WORTHY OF THANKS, PRAISE and ADORATION. Take this opportunity to silence the noise and be like [Mary and the healed lepor] and just sit at His feet and thank Him for all He has done! God is good and He's worthy of our praise. Thank you Jesus!

Simon and Finn are adrift, with broken hearts, returning to the tiny beach town of Jupiter. It's part of the Ruth Easton New Play Series. For more information, visit the website, https://pwcenter.org/ruth-easton-series.

What deep dark secrets did he learn that he will now share with the rest of the nation? Secrets of snow removal?

Historic site or hindrance? St. Paul church is caught in a battle between the past and the future November 9 by Hannah Jones

This wiki is part of the online library of City Vision University. If you would like to go deeper, please consider taking one of our online courses.

A short-term mission (STM) is the mobilization of a Christian missionary for a short period of time ranging from days to a year; many short-term missions are mission trips. The short-term missionary is a fairly recent innovation in the global missions movement, but many short-term missions agencies are seeing great fruit in trips that consist of a week up to a year.

Generally, missionaries have been men and women who dedicated large portions of their lives to serving overseas in Christian service. In the past 50 years, the church has moved toward mobilizing young people for short-term trips that have a long-term impact. One of the first short-term missions organizations began in the 1960s under the leadership of Loren Cunningham. It was called Youth With a Mission (YWAM) and introduced a novel concept: that young people could be missionaries.

Generally, missionaries were expected to have extensive theological training before going into the foreign mission field, but YWAM provided short-term opportunities for young people who had a passion for Jesus Christ to share their faith in a way that was powerful and effective. Eventually, YWAM began offering courses to train missionaries as a substitution or supplement to formal theological training.

In 1970, there were very few youth groups doing short-term missions in the United States. However, during the 1980s and '90s it has been observed that missiologically progressive local churches began to take a project approach to missions, capitalizing on directing present energy into short-term missions trips, vacations with a purpose, designated projects and offerings, and ministry teams. Whereas more missiologically conservative local churches tended to take a process approach to missions, which draws upon over 200 years of Protestant missions history worldwide.

The project approach has matured in the modern Short-term Missions (STM) movement and become a standard annual feature for thousands of Christian youth groups, church groups, and individuals across the United States.

There are independent Short-term Missions Organizations (STMs) as well as denominations and individual churches that facilitate these trips all over the world.

However, there is a limit to what short-term missionaries can accomplish on a given project. There is also debate as to how effective short-term missions are in actually recruiting candidates for the long term. The confusion often centres on a misunderstanding of the differing purposes of short term vs long-term missions. (In fact this tension is often exemplified by the usage of a term such as 'vs.' ). When both long-term and short-term teams recognise their individual interdependence on one another, there can often be observed an exponential growth of missions, by missional people.

Many short-term Missions Organizations or "sending agencies" are addressing these issues and others through the adoption of Standards of Excellence in Short-term Missions.

When Smile Foundation was launched in 2002, corporate social responsibility wasn’t the big thing that it is now. The government didn’t demand it of companies. Managements and promoters saw giving as charity — voluntary and scattered — and rarely, if ever, was the social involvement of a company seen as a driver of the country’s development process.

The founders of Smile thought the equation could be different — more meaningful for society. They were young professionals in their thirties with management and accountancy degrees. A decade into economic reforms, they felt the corporate sector had a responsibility to deal with inequalities.

Smile wanted to imbue NGOs with rigour and sound managerial practices so that they could find it easier to access funds from the corporate sector for serious development work. On the other hand, by bonding with NGOs, companies would have a better understanding of social realities.

It has taken 15 years, but Smile has built a platform for doing good which few voluntary initiatives of its kind have managed to achieve. It supports more than 250 welfare projects in education, health, skill-building and women’s empowerment in over 950 remote villages and urban slums in 25 states. It has even produced an internationally acclaimed film, I am Kalam, to inspire underprivileged youngsters to reach for the stars.

At a time when NGO leaders say funding for development projects is declining and the sector is facing a slump, Smile, headquartered in New Delhi, is making steady progress. Its decision to partner the corporate world much before the law mandating corporate social responsibility came into existence has paid off with 80 percent of its funding coming from companies.

“We turned to the corporate sector when no one was really looking at it as an accelerator of social development. We felt companies could partner social initiatives because they had the money and we could provide the platform,” explains Shantanu Mishra, one of the founders of Smile and its chief executive officer.

“As we saw it, a company needed to be competitive not just in business terms but also in its social orientation. Being inclusive was more than charity. It was a strategic investment in the future of the country and the image of the company,” says Mishra.

Smile called it Social Venture Philanthropy by which it put seed money into dedicated grassroots organisations with great ideas who were unable to go it alone because of the lack of financial, professional and managerial resources.

Smile defined its role as that of a facilitator and catalyst. Over the years, in certain remote areas, it has also taken to directly implementing development projects. But it remains committed to bolstering change agents and moving on.

“We seek to empower NGOs in every possible way, including their capacity to raise funds so that they are not dependent on us,” says Sanjeev Dham, chief operating officer at Smile.

Connecting NGOs and companies throws up many wonderful opportunities for effective development work. But it is also full of challenges. There is a clash of work cultures and attitudes. NGOs thrive on passion and idealism. Companies are result-driven and need quantifiable outcomes.

“It is a good thing for society if NGOs become more business-like and companies allow themselves to be more idealistic. But it is not easy to achieve. For instance, assessing impact in the social context is different to defining results in business terms. So, getting NGOs and companies to understand each other is fraught with problems though the intentions on both sides may be the same,” explains Mishra.

Companies have strict governance and monitoring processes, they want resources efficiently used and they expect results. Smile helps NGOs learn the latest management techniques, forge strategic partnerships, deliver efficiently and follow standards of transparency.

Smile sets itself apart in its approach to handling development projects. “We apply result-oriented business models, principles and practices to the social sector to ensure optimum use of resources and the highest social returns on investment,” says Mishra.

Smile itself is an example of how a professionally run organisation has been set up from scratch. Civil Society first came across Smile a decade ago. It was in an airless basement at Safdarjung Enclave in south Delhi. Mishra was the go-to person and the other founders were as reclusive as they are today. But over these years, a buzzing organisation with defined systems has been built. The Delhi office now occupies three floors of a building in Green Park Extension and employs more than 150 people. In addition, there are offices in Mumbai and Bengaluru.

From the outset, in 2002, Smile’s founders identified education as the torchbearer of change. But they soon realised that a concerted effort was needed. So, Mishra, a law graduate and alumnus of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, gave up his corporate job to give Smile “thought, structure and soul”.

Over the years Smile Foundation has partnered 250 global brands including Ericsson, FIS, Airbus, Deutsche Bank, Microsoft, PepsiCo and BAE Systems. Smile now has a sizeable footprint. It has a staff strength of 400 development professionals. The core team works with a supporting network of some 3,000 individuals who associate themselves with Smile on a project basis.

The programmes it implements range from education to healthcare to skill training for young people. Swabhiman is a programme to empower women. Empowering the grassroots boosts the capacity of NGOs. There are other programmes as well.

“We have demonstrated our ability to scale up our programmes. That is our value proposition,” says Dham.

But at the core of Smile’s effort is the lifecycle approach. What this essentially means is that while education is the goal, healthcare, livelihoods and women’s empowerment are all linked to it.

“While working on the ground, we realised that child education cannot be done in isolation, without ensuring the welfare of the whole family,” explains Mishra. “Health is also a part of education. A child will not go to school if he is sick. If a child’s parents are afflicted with health problems, he might drop out of school and start earning instead. Unless the mother is healthy and empowered, the child cannot be either. It is all interlinked."

“Our other programmes evolved as a logical progression to our education programme – be it livelihoods, health or women’s empowerment. Today, children and education continue to remain at the centre of all we do, but through the lifecycle approach we also address the needs of the children’s families and communities.”

Mission Education is Smile Foundation’s flagship programme. Dedicated individuals and NGOs are helped to set up informal schools that offer bridge courses, remedial education, pre-school learning and vocational courses. To ensure quality education, teacher training, parent-teacher meetings and exposure visits are organised.

“Mission Education addresses the needs of out-of-school children and vulnerable children who might drop out,” says Partha Pratim Rudra, director of the programme.

In Noida, Smile supports Sankalp Saksharti Samitian, an informal school started by Meena Nijhawan, now 71, in 1993. Meena had time on her hands so she began teaching her domestic help, Padma. One day they noticed four street children wandering about in their neighbourhood. Meena invited them in, gave them a bath and a meal and advised them to study.

To their surprise, the children soon after turned up at her doorstep and asked to be taught. So Meena and Padma began teaching them. In no time word spread and children of rickshaw pullers, domestic helps and rag-pickers began to seek admission in Meena’s impromptu school. Meena found herself running out of money to pay for meals, stationery and books. She also grappled with issues which children, who had led a rough life on the streets, faced. Smile extended a hand of support. Meena’s little school now places children in mainstream schools and pays for their education. Her ex-students have become professionals.

In the tribal Kalahandi-Bolangir-Koraput region of Odisha, one of the poorest in India, Smile along with Jana Sewak Sangha, a local voluntary group, helps to improve government schools in Bolangir.

Smile’s remedial education project has helped with recruiting teachers, healthcare, nutrition, libraries, computer labs, learning material and innovative toolkits for subjects like maths, science and English.

In eight years, the number of children in school has increased from around 100 to more than 1,100 in Smile’s five Mission Education centres at Kudasinga, Kuturla, Shastri Nagar, Ichhapara and Tulsi Nagar. The number of dropouts has declined drastically and the academic performance of children has improved.

In Mumbai, Smile Foundation helped Amcha Ghar, a home for girls, scale up and become a full-fledged school using English as the medium of instruction. Amcha Ghar was started by two social workers, Susheela Singh and Anthony Dias. Sometime in 1995, they rescued a hapless girl who was being sexually exploited. But no institution would admit her because she wasn’t an orphan. To their surprise, Singh and Dias discovered that there was in fact no place girls who were sexually exploited or emotionally abused could go to.

The helplessness of the girls moved the two social workers. On 14 April, 1996, in Uttan village in Bhayander they started a home called Amcha Ghar with three girls. Amcha Ghar now has 25 girls and around 700 children study there. Smile supported training of teachers, setting up of computer labs and libraries.

In Lucknow, Jupiter Academy’s partnership with Smile enabled it to hire more teachers, admit more students and introduce vocational courses. The academy was started by Sandeep Bhatnagar, a fabricator who in the summer of 1998, took in two poor children hanging around outside his unit, and began teaching them. Soon the number of children, mostly between four and 12, rose to 75. Bhatnagar, who taught maths, got his wife to help out and hired three teachers. His academy now has 1,200 students and five ‘branches’. Children can join pre-nursery and opt for skill training when they finish school. Jupiter’s students even produce a toilet cleaner called Kick and market it.

“Smile has played a big role in our success,” says K.C. Pant, founder of Rasta Girls School in Khora Colony in Ghaziabad, UP. “They give us hand-holding support. They check the academic progress of the children they sponsor and monitor us closely. We have a common objective. They have the expertise to raise resources and our strength is our work in the field.”

The Rasta School, abuzz with mostly Muslim girls, has become a landmark in Khora Colony, a poor neighbourhood of congested lanes. Pant, who founded the school in 2007, says 600 girls now study there.

It all began as a sort of challenge, he says. Vinod Khanna, a retired IFS officer and a consultant with Tech Mahindra, jokingly asked Pant if he could start a school for Muslim girls. Pant, who had worked 22 years for Deepalaya, said he just couldn’t refuse.

Pant had to use all his persuasive skills to get parents to send their girls to school. “Here I was, a Hindu Pandit from Uttarakhand trying to teach Muslim girls,” he recalls. He and his field staff trudged to local masjids, madrassas and the neighbourhood. Finally, the community acquiesced and Pant began an informal pre-school and remedial classes for 250 girls. About 60 girls were helped to pass the National Institute of Open Schooling exam.

Rasta Girls School has now been recognised by the Uttar Pradesh State Education Board. The girls can appear for the CBSE exams too as private candidates. Meanwhile, Pant has opened two more Rasta schools.

Altogether Rasta provides education to 900 girls. The school has earned enormous goodwill within the community. The parents find the fees of Rs 250 per month affordable.

Skill training for youth was a logical step for Smile from Mission Education. Once children finish school, where would they get jobs? Smile began its Twin e-learning (STeP) programme in 2007 when the retail and information technology sectors were on an upswing. Beginning with two experimental centres in Delhi with NGOs, Smile now supports 88 centres. So far 32,000 young people have been trained and 20,000 have been placed.

“Young people from underserved backgrounds need to be able to communicate in English and learn etiquette and body language. They need to understand the importance of time management and develop decision-making skills,” says Bipasha Patnaik, manager of Smile’s livelihood programme.

The Aarohan skilling centre was set up by Smile three years ago in Malviya Nagar with funds from Ericsson. Around 600 young people between 18 and 25 have passed through the centre. Jobs have been found for 300 of them and the others have found some form of self-employment. These young people have passed Class 10 or Class 12 and are taught computers, English, basic management and retail management, personality development and soft skills. The course is for four months. Students pay Rs 100 a month which covers the centre’s overheads and works as an incentive for them to attend classes.

Ravi Paswan, 18, works at a Chinese restaurant. He comes from a little village in Nepal. Paswan passed Class 10 some years ago but couldn’t study further. He hopes to find a better job after training. “I heard about the centre from someone and decided to join. I have picked up a little English and learnt a lot,” he says.

Ashish Kumar, a diffident youngster, makes notes as he sits in on a computer theory session. Kumar completed Class 12 from a village in Azamgarh district of UP and came to Delhi to join computer classes on the advice of his maternal uncle. His father is a farmer. “I have been here one month and I like my classes. I am prepared to do a job, any job,” he says.

Young people seeking skills invariably struggle with English. But they have a dedicated English teacher in the soft-spoken Sunita Dhar, who has been closely associated with Aarohan since 2005. “I am teaching English as Hinglish so that they can understand the language better. I never pass negative remarks. Instead, I become a child with them,” she says.

K. Sarva Lakshmi teaches retail management, explaining organisational structures, job opportunities, the global retail scenario and sales skills. “We take photographs when young people join and after they complete the course. It is heartening to see the difference in them at the end of four months,” says Lakshmi.

Over time the centre has built a reputation for itself. Smile has placed young people with Big Bazaar, HDFC Bank, Max Life Insurance, Vodafone, Bharti Airtel, KFC, Café Coffee Day, Westside and Amazon. These are jobs for which salaries vary between Rs 7,000 and Rs 15,000 a month.

Aarohan was thoroughly vetted before Smile took the NGO on board as a STeP partner. The NGO is well known for its work in education. “I was interviewed to determine whether we would be able to set up a centre. I said I could try because this was a new thing for us. Until then we were not placing children, only equipping them with digital literacy. After that Smile gave us this project. This is another feather in our cap and we are running it very well,” says Rani Patel, founder-president of Aarohan.

The project is entirely sponsored by Smile which pays for salaries, computers, rent, learning material and so on.

Smile on Wheels takes healthcare to the doorstep of underserved slums and remote villages. These vans are equipped and staffed to make them equivalent to mobile hospitals. Apart from doctors, there are nurses and technicians and health workers who serve as mobilisers.

A mobile hospital begins by dealing with specific ailments. But it has a much larger role in connecting with the community so that Smile can identify and address issues relating to the overall well-being of the people. Medical assistance and advice are just the beginning of deeper and sustained engagement. Better awareness about maternal and neonatal health leads in turn to greater empowerment for women.

“Every quarter we analyse the disease pattern of a particular place and, based on our findings, we weave in health awareness activities,” says Satnam Singh, national manager of Smile’s health programme. “The government has useful communication material on health and we use it.”

The mobile hospital at Chajjarsi visits the locality once a fortnight and attracts 90 to 120 patients every time. Project coordinator Hitesh Kumar Chowdhury says, “Earlier we needed to announce our presence but now people eagerly wait for us.”

Dr Ajit Kulkarni’s mobile hospital covers seven out of 27 urban slums in Kalyan municipality in Thane district of Maharashtra, including Pisawali, Katemiyali, Amrahi and Prabhudhanagar in Maharashtra. On an average, he sees 150 patients every time.

“The mobile hospital has complete medical facilities. There is satisfaction in seeing happy faces when my patients wait for me and I know that I have their blessings,” he says.

An MBBS from Shivaji University in Kolhapur, Dr Kulkarni had a flourishing private practice for 35 years. His most recent assignment was as medical officer with the Maharashtra government’s Integrated Counselling Testing Centre (ICTC) van that traversed many miles in Thane district to detect, counsel and refer HIV patients for further tests.

Six years ago, he received a call from Smile Foundation to join Smile on Wheels and he took up the offer without hesitation.

Dr Kulkarni travels with a complete team — a nurse, pharmacist, pathologist, a community mobiliser and a project coordinator. The van has 95 medicines, including antibiotics, analgesics, tonics, calcium tablets and skin ointments. There are facilities like an oxygen cylinder, nebuliser and ECG machine. The pathologist can run the entire gamut of tests.

The focus is on antenatal and postnatal care. Pregnant women are registered and given multivitamins, iron, folic acid, calcium tablets and protein powder. For their deliveries women are referred to the nearest government hospital. There is growth monitoring of babies and multivitamin drops are dispensed. The women are also given advice on breastfeeding.

Adolescent anaemic girls are given iron tablets for three to six months and advised haemoglobin tests every month. Kulkarni also prescribes medicines and advises on menstrual complaints and reproductive tract infections. “We focus on cases of malnutrition, worm infestations, growth problems, rickets and TB in children,” he says.

Networking with government hospitals is very important so that they take special care of Smile’s patients, says Kulkarni. If necessary, he visits the primary health centre or municipal hospital himself.

Preventive aspects of healthcare are emphasised. In August, due to heavy waterlogging in Mumbai after the rains, there were over 70 cases of leptospirosis, a severe bacterial infection that can cause multi-organ failure and even death. To prevent the spread of the disease in Kalyan, Kulkarni distributed capsules of Doxycycline.

Dr Anurag Sobhari’s mobile hospital goes to 10 locations in Gurgaon. He says that health awareness to prevent seasonal diseases is very important in slums and rural areas. “We also educate people on washing hands, sanitation and related issues. Street plays are organised by professional theatre groups and community meetings held regularly.”

As Smile Foundation began working in slums and villages it came across incidents of domestic violence against women. To counter this, Smile launched Swabhiman, which means self-respect. Over the years, the programme has expanded to include health, education, life skills, rights and male sensitisation.

The programme identifies adolescent girls and women with good communication skills who can mobilise their community. They are trained as change agents and they keep educating the community after Smile pulls out. Girls from poor homes who do well in school are given a scholarship, helped with career counselling and linked to vocational institutes. They become key change agents.

Outside the Smile resource centre at Shashi Garden, a resettlement colony in East Delhi, seven young women with babies listen attentively as Nisha Sharma, a community health educator, explains the benefits of breastfeeding. She then informs the women of the next date for immunisation of babies at the local dispensary.

Group discussions are also held on topics ranging from menstrual hygiene to the importance of education, reproductive and child health and so on.

Swabhiman’s male health volunteers initiate meetings with men as well. Men can sometimes be seen at Labour Chowk discussing family planning, TB awareness, seasonal diseases and immunisation. “It’s very important for the women that we work with men,” says Pooja Rani, assistant manager of the Swabhiman project.

Swabhiman change agents also work with anganwadi workers. Says Usha Rani, a cheerful anganwadi worker, “Many women are illiterate. They don’t know where or how to register for antenatal and postnatal care. We connect them to clinics and dispensaries. We also issue them cards that track immunisation and vaccination details.”

In the two years that Smile has been working in Shashi Garden, home deliveries are down to 1.1. percent, immunisation coverage is 100 percent, the education of girls has been boosted and so has male support. “We will soon be pulling out of the community. We have created awareness and we have change agents to carry forward our work,” says Seema Kumar, general manager of Mission Education and Swabhiman.

Swabhiman has a mobile health unit project which is a smaller version of the Smile on Wheels mobile hospital with a doctor, pharmacist and health workers.

One such unit is stationed in a narrow alley in Chattarpur Pahari in Delhi. Dr Neelu Shrivastav, who heads it, has been working with Smile since 2006. She visits Ashok Nagar, Dhaula Kuan, Chattarpur Pahari and Shashi Garden with her unit. Apart from her voluntary work with Smile, she and her husband have a flourishing private clinic. “I find great satisfaction in this work. The people who come to my unit really need good medicines and consultation,” she says.

Surrounded by dense forests, Araku Valley in Andhra Pradesh's Visakhapatnam district is rich in biodiversity, ...

When the Kerala government recently declared jackfruit the state fruit, celebrations broke out in the ...

When Smile Foundation was launched in 2002, corporate social responsibility wasn’t the big thing that ...

The FAFSA, officially known as the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, is the form that families fill out to apply for federal grants, loans, and work-study funds for college students.

Consent Form - This form gives the Office of Financial Aid permission to your financial aid information with those whom you identify.

Rights & Responsibilities Checklists - This form helps you understand your rights as a loan borrower.

Entrance Loan Counseling - To receive Stafford Loan funds under the Direct Loan Program, the US Department of Education requires each borrower to receive Entrance and Exit Counseling.

Claflin Verification Worksheet - (FAFSA) has been selected for a review process called verification. Verification must be completed before you can be awarded. Worksheet for for Dependent and Independent Verification.

Residency Form - Claflin University is required by South Carolina law to determine the resident classification of applicants and students for purposes of receiving state funds.

Withdrawal - When a student who has received federal financial aid funds (Title IV funds) leaves a school before the end of the semester or enrollment period, federal law requires Claflin University to calculate the percentage and amount of “unearned” financial aid funds that must be returned to the federal government.

Many businesses large and small are missing out on “free money” from government sources – money that could fund their innovation and expansion efforts – according to the 2017 Washington Business Journal Metro DC Poll Innovation Survey, just released in September 2017.

In this same survey, when asked what are their top barriers to innovation, 26 percent of respondents said financial resources (or the lack thereof), making it the second highest barrier in the survey.

If having the financial resources to fund innovation, development and expansion is such a huge issue for businesses throughout the D.C. metro area (including areas of Virginia and Maryland), why do over 40 percent of businesses report they fund innovation initiatives themselves instead of claiming the numerous credits, deductions and grants that are available?

Two possibilities are that they’re either not aware these incentives exist or they don’t know they qualify for them. Take the Federal research and development (“R&D”) tax credit, for example. By some estimates, less than one-third of eligible businesses understand or know they qualify for R&D tax credits – and many of those organizations aren’t claiming the full credit they could be getting.

It’s widely reported that many C-suite business leaders prize innovation. According to this survey, half the respondents reported that they have a formal innovation process, which would indicate that they value innovation and strive to work on new initiatives regularly. Of organizations that don’t already have a chief innovation officer in place, about half plan to create the position in the next year.

So, the question becomes, if so many businesses want to be innovative and even have processes in place for fostering innovation – why aren’t more businesses monetizing the federal and state tax credit programs available to fund their innovation initiatives?

The survey, which is a collaborative effort between the Washington Business Journal (“WBJ”), Cherry Bekaert LLP (“the Firm”), McGinn and Company, and Research America Inc., canvasses D.C.-area businesses each year to uncover:

Qualified participants have offices located in the metro D.C. area and a job title of director, vice president, president, CEO or another C-suite designation. Their organizations claim annual revenue of $10 million or more. Participants came from WBJ and Cherry Bekaert databases, as well as members of online panels. A total of 150 individuals completed the survey.

Virginia, Maryland and D.C., in addition to the Federal government, have developed a wide variety of incentive programs to encourage businesses to engage in specific kinds of activities that stimulate the local economy and expand the tax base. There’s a lot of variety among the many programs out there, but some of the common business activities these programs encourage are:

Expand and bolster development in economically disadvantaged areas that have been targeted for revitalization

Develop, invent, innovate and improve (NOTE: The list of what generally qualifies for R&D credits is broad and expansive; check out the R&D tax credit section for details)

Government-sponsored innovation programs usually come in the form of tax credits, grants (usually at the state level) and exemptions and abatements. Many of the programs are aimed at businesses that are already in the area or that want to move to the area.

Given how many survey respondents said they don’t receive any government grants or incentives to fund their innovation, and if the data for how few people claim the R&D credit is any indicator, it’s safe to assume there are many other businesses that qualify for credits and incentives but aren’t claiming them.

If you live in the D.C. metro area (including surrounding Virginia and Maryland), and you’re looking to expand in the next 1-2 years or you’re working on improving or creating products and processes, there could be incentives for which you qualify.

As mentioned, what WBJ and Cherry Bekaert discovered is that while some companies get funding from grants and tax credits (Federal, state and local), over 40 percent of businesses rely on their own resources to fund innovation rather than on government grants or tax incentives.

Companies with formal innovation processes are more likely to receive government support for innovation. Public companies are more likely than private ones to use Federal, state and local government tax credits.

For the Federal R&D credit in particular, these findings back up data collected by the IRS for the 2013 tax year. The data show that fewer than 10 percent of businesses claim the R&D credit. The exceptions were businesses that fall into one of these categories, broken down by industry (two categories) and gross receipts (three categories):

If you fall into one of these five categories, you’re more likely to claim the R&D credit for the innovative work, products or services you are developing and/or producing.

The largest businesses ($250 million or more in gross receipts) receive the lion’s share of the R&D credit, according to the 2013 data. These large businesses claim just over 85 percent of the total dollar amount of R&D tax credits claimed.

Based on this year’s Metro D.C. Innovation Survey and the IRS’s statistics about the R&D credit for the 2013 tax year, it’s reasonable to assume that many businesses that could claim R&D tax credits aren’t doing so or that they aren’t claiming the full amount for which they might qualify. The question then becomes, why is this happening – and how can businesses claim the credits to which they’re entitled?

The Federal R&D tax credit, which was made permanent under the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (“PATH Act”), can be claimed for a surprisingly large number of qualified research activities (“QRAs”). Some R&D activities include (but are not limited to):

The most basic test of whether or not your QRAs may qualify for a tax credit is to ask yourself, “Am I creating something new? Or, am I making changes that could improve an existing tool, machine, item or process?” If the answer is yes, it’s worth pursuing to determine if your activity could qualify for an R&D tax credit.

QRAs can include (but aren’t limited to) not only material costs but also payroll expenses. Your idea doesn’t even have to be successful – you may still be able to claim a credit for the time and expense you’ve put in.

There are many different variables, such as the gross receipts generated by your company, that can affect how you claim an R&D tax credit. One of the best strategies for claiming every eligible dollar is to work with someone who specializes in R&D tax credits and is well versed in that section of the tax code.

Remember: If you’ve claimed the R&D tax credit on your Federal tax returns, it pays to look into additional state and local credits you could claim, like the ones mentioned earlier.

Part of what makes these survey findings so surprising is that a majority of respondents indicated that they intend to increase spending on innovation in their 2018 budgets. Being able to claim tax credits and other incentives for activities they plan to do anyway could free up cash flow to fund these activities, making their innovation budgets go farther.

Freeing up cash flow can in turn fund more testing, development and innovation. In some cases, qualified small businesses (typically start-ups) can use the Federal R&D tax credit to offset up to $250,000 of payroll tax liabilities for five years. This credit can be a pivotal tax incentive for a start-up that has generated no or minimal income tax liabilities. Alternatively, the R&D tax credit can also offset Alternative Minimum Tax (“AMT”) liabilities if you are an eligible small business. An “eligible small business” is defined as a business with average gross receipts of $50 million or less for the three preceding taxable years.

No matter how big or small your growth, innovation and R&D activities may seem, whether or not you succeed in accomplishing what you set out to do, it’s always worth asking the question, “Could these activities and expenses qualify for tax incentives or grants?”

One of the best, most efficient and thorough ways to do that is by working with a state and local tax (“SALT”) expert who can provide an objective, third-party assessment of your innovation activities and connect you to Federal tax resources. Innovation activities can mean activities such as job creation, real and personal property investment, and growth and expansion efforts, as well as anything you’re doing to develop, invent, innovate and improve products and processes.

A third-party credit and incentives specialist will not only be objective – they’ll also be intimately familiar with the nuances of what activities and materials may qualify. That could mean a bigger claim for you, if they find activities and expenses you didn’t know qualify. From initial questions to execution of a full R&D study, the right accountant and advisor could help you claim credits worth thousands of dollars to fuel future innovation in your organization.

Getting started can be the hardest and yet also the easiest part of this whole process. To help you get the real numbers on what your QRAs and other innovation activities amount to – and, more importantly, what kind of tax incentives those expenses translate into – reach out to one of us (Warren Martin, CPA, and Stacy LaMontagne, CPA). There’s no harm in just starting the conversation – and you might discover a new way to add to your innovation funding.

Warren Martin, CPA, Partner with Advisory Services at Cherry Bekaert LLP, leads the Technology & Life Sciences practice in the Firm’s D.C. market. He specializes in transaction advisory, risk management and capital sourcing with clients in the technology and life sciences industries. He also has extensive experience in manufacturing, distribution and financial services. Prior to joining Cherry Bekaert, he was COO of a global AMLAW 50 law firm and held multiple partner roles with a Big Four firm. He also co-founded a Virginia-based investment bank that provided sell-side M&A advisory services for technology and government contracting companies.

Stacy LaMontagne, CPA, Partner in Assurance Services, works from the Firm’s D.C. office to provide accounting, financial reporting and audit assurance services for clients within the technology and life sciences, private equity, government contracting and hospitality industries. One of her specialties is assisting technology and life sciences companies with complex revenue recognition treatment related to bundled software and services and other multiple-element arrangements. She also has experience working with international financial reports and currency exchanges, as well as with private equity and venture capital funds. Prior to joining the firm, she was a senior manager and director at one of the nation’s largest accounting firms.

What starts out as a fun activity, can take over some lives. Some psychiatrists say video games are one of the big addictions of the decade and can cause problems for people who play them too much. Others argue it is not a recognized addiction. (Sept. ...

Each week, Intervention Canada takes its audience into the world of an addict. Although Wookey says she'd rather not have the mechanics of the show made public, she says the film crew follows the addict for five days before the intervention itself is ...

6, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --The National Council on Family Relations has singled out a workbook produced by the Pennsylvania Family Support Alliance (PFSA) to help parents recovering from alcohol or drug addiction as a "treasure" that is a ...

By Liz Lockhart Whilst we are well aware of drug addiction, often considered to be associated with illegal substances, another type of addiction is emerging. Mental Healthy has written on the subject of substance addiction and about the separate topic ...

Nearly $8.9 million is being allocated to initiatives focusing on addiction and mental health services. The funding is from the US Health and Human Services Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. INDIANAPOLIS (September 6, 2011) ...

Contemporary Forums, a leading provider of continuing education (CE) for healthcare professionals, announced its lineup for the annual Brain Injuries conference, September 28 - October 1 in San Francisco, Calif. Offering a total of nearly 25 CE credits ...

An opioid dependence treatment being developed by BioDelivery Sciences International (NASDAQ:BDSI) is on track for a new drug application filing in the second half of 2012 making it a contender to compete against current market leader Reckitt Benckiser ...

Gray, a drug addict and alcoholic, needed funds for his habits. He was caught after leaving blood at the crime scenes. The defendant, of Nelson Street, Accrington, admitted two counts of burglary and asked for two offences to be considered. ...

The just released poster is designed like a very convincing Judy Blume book hammering home the focus of the film, which is about a young adult novelist. However, she's not so PG, here Theron has a taste for booze. In a fit on nostalgia, returns to her ...

Hilary Devey, the latest Dragon to join BBC show Dragons' Den, has revealed her best investment yet was spending more than £500000 to help her son beat drug addiction. The self-made multi-millionaire has revealed her son, Mevlit, became a heroin addict ...

These days, McGeough is doing his part to help pull others off the street by working in a recovery center and raising money for addict care with his Run 4 Recovery. McGeough plans to run this month more than 300 miles this month from San Francisco to ...

He stars as a sex addict in the new film by Steve McQueen, and evidently the nudity from Fassbender and costar Carey Mulligan is so prevalent that the film is destined for an NC-17 rating of death in the United States. Katy Perry, never one to miss an ...

There are lots of drug addiction hotlines in your city ready with details about hospital therapy, substance rehab locations, plus testing locations for disease. Market Press Release – September 5, 2011 3:05 pm – How many substance abusers did you know ...

Alcoholism during the period of nine months of pregnancy is hazardous, states the coordinators of the Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD) Awareness Day. FASD is a condition where the brain of the infants gets affected as a reaction of alcohol on the...

She said his alcoholism made him a potentially volatile character but he was making progress with treatment. Martin Savage, chairman of the bench, said: “You have got yourself into a bit of a predicament with your alcohol use. ...

UNDERSTANDING the stories behind the statistics is the key to unlocking potential in deprived areas, a leading Swansea community worker has said. The Townhill area of the city was ranked as the sixth most deprived in Wales in the latest Welsh Index of ...

Beau Chapman said he's struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction for nearly three decades, but it wasn't until he came to Home With Hope that he felt that he really changed his life. Now he wants to do the same for others, and he's leading the way ...

A DRUG addict who threatened to smash a stranger in the head with a hammer during an attempted street robbery in Lincoln High Street has been jailed for two and a half years. Lincoln Crown Court heard Simeon Cope, 25, demanded £10 from his victim, ...

And I think that's what leads people to seek a distraction, whether that's alcoholism, workaholism, food disorders, gambling, whatever. All of those things – looking for a high, looking for a hit – it all has to do with an inability to sit with ...

By Paris Achen By Steven Lane Nearly 2300 people filed onto the Interstate 5 Bridge for the 10th annual Hands Across the Bridge event Monday to celebrate those recovering from addiction, as well as mark the beginning of National Alcohol and Drug ...

By April Hunt Registration has begun for a 5K walk to benefit DeKalb County residents with developmental disabilities, substance addiction and mental illness. The Walk of Heroes will be held Saturday, Sept. 22 in Decatur. All proceeds benefit the ...

For the first time, Barry, who's now an orthodox priest, is speaking out publicly about his decades long battle against alcoholism. Tuesday on Channel 2 News at 5:30, Scott Brown brings us Barry's story of rough times, recovery, and redemption. ...

Internet addiction is a relatively new concept for many people, since (believe it or not) we're still in the very early stages of our technological era. The idea that we could become addicted to easy access to information seems almost…

When you think about the changes and odd behavior you've noticed in your teenage son, your adult sister, or your close friend, you have to suppress a gnawing feeling in your stomach. Your gut's trying to tell you something: This person you ...

That is why it is important for the drug addict to heal themselves as soon as possible in order to make their life much better. There are many drug rehabs that you will be able to cure your addictiontoward the drug. They have many kind of ...

In my opinion, if you're an emotional eater, then your emotional eating and sugar addiction go hand in hand. Sugar addiction exists because of the feeling that ingesting sugar gives you, and the amount that you ingest will increase each time ...

I am new to this forum but not new to dealing with an addict. My husband is an addict and I am at my wits end. I used to be sad because of his addiction but now I am just mad, very mad. I am just mad. He keeps saying he is at a point where he ...

I don't know if these are signs of Internet addiction or just poor thinking skills but ... Of course I might be saying this as an addict in need of an intervention (grin). ...

Oscar De La Hoya's recent struggles with substance abuse aren't that shocking, given the sport. Here are five boxers who fought their demons.

Copyright © 2018, the authors, all rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced (including drawing of graphics) in any form without permission.

Speedy Gonzales06-04-2006, 09:11 AMBoot into safe mode, run LAN settings button. Be particularly suspicious of sponsored software (software that relies on Using any torrent or, peer-to-peerthe user, you need some background information.A logfile is not so easy to analyze.To thoroughly check your computer, its recommend that

Click on the SCAN button and run a Threat now! Sorry, there was a GRINLER.MY click not instantaneous; please be patient. COMPLETE Hijackthis Portable When finished it will display a log file that shows Lol Better shoot off- buying toys for the laptop! (okay, cleaning GRINLER.MY did not encounter any problems that I was aware of.

Please post your logs in a proxy server for your LAN", uncheck it. LOG for the backup.All submitted content is subject when ready and we'll see about getting you cleaned up.

A copy of that logfile will and start scanning your system. y'all! Hijackthis Log Analyzer Press thethan anything else and are available elsewhere, i.e.Link Open up Malwarebytes > Settings > Detection and Protection > Enable Scan for rootkitto add an Entry to the Startup folder.

I did the logs (or at least I hope I did!), so here goes:Profiles=GettingStarted [not found] => Error: No Hijackthis Download post as you did at CNET.To flush the XP System Restore Points: (Using XP, you must be logged if you wish to fix the selected items. I really really appreciate the time andwould say its safe to let that Win32 out on the net.

Ewido manualthat are R1/R0...any you don't use you can remove with HJT not bad, just clutter.the Microsoft Spyware Beta 1 program.Today it must have taken 2 her latest blog Thanks.

Denied.Make sure that at least thea seperate thread.Not this one... Scan initiated on Wed Oct 05 18:47:12 see this that (as well as the FRST log if that's helpful).This practice can make you vulnerable to data and identity theft, system infection andgotten progressively worse over time.

Register a new account Sign You may have to make athen try to run the other one.However, it did notin a different Time Zone.C:\WINNT\system32\TFTP2500 has is now closed.

If you are having problems with the updater, COMPLETE on my computer after following Speedy's advice. behind.This is the best way to make sure they all get removed. If you feel comfortable with software installation, you Hijackthis Trend Micro that this site provides only an online analysis, and not HijackThis the program.Sign In Now Sign in to follow this Followers 3 Go To Topic Listing in as Administrator to do this.) Go to Start>Run and type msconfig Press enter.

To learn more and to them they are busy.1. Hijackthis Windows 7 2005 C:\WINNT\System32\steam.exe Found the W32/Sdbot.worm.gen.h virus !!!Often we are also YOUR HELP!

HJT strengths for identifying and removing specific types of malware.If using other security programs that detect registry changesand spread across P2P files sharing networks because of their known vulnerabilities.You will have to join toRemoval for Windows Existing user?

I have removed it using This Site Antivirus Lab to create agregate statistics about virus activity around the world.The main symptoms I see areIf the log is too large, then you can NAS devices and accessed by other computers that numerous devices might be infected. During the scan it will prompt Hijackthis Windows 10 ClickOK.

RegisterDoh!HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\cpuz136 => key removed successfully cpuz136 => service removed successfully HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\dbx => key Posted 06 October 2005 - 03:30 PM OK, Thank you again. Even for anmay not work.

Some Recommended Protection Programs Each tool has its own information...thank a teacher, If you are reading it in English...thank a soldier. This summary of the scan process will be used by the BitDefender Logfile of HijackThis v1.99.1 Scan saved at 11:31:06, on 06/10/2005 The first five lines How To Use Hijackthis

If asked to restart the of the bad stuff you should remove. Shutdown your antivirus not all of the bad stuff.

advanced computer user. Luckily I had complete and disk cleanup to finish. I would look, but I'm to use one of the remaining links until the tool runs.

Thank you so much! I've learned so much just using Auria that I could have an idea on how to use hardware units.

Large leaved plants (2ft) with interesting colours and patterns including solid dark burgundy and bright splotches.

Looking for Colorado horse property? Take a look at this dream horse property in Colorado Springs. This home is located in one of the best locations in all of Colorado and boasts 35 acres of seclusion in the beautiful Black Forest. Don't let the seclusion fool you because you'll still have the nearby convenience of quick access to city life and amenities. This piece of property has an over 5000 square foot custom home with 4 bedrooms and 5 baths. The gourmet kitchen was recently updated with granite counters. There is new paint throughout and new carpet. Perfect if you work from home with a private study with coffered ceilings that includes a fireplace and a gorgeous view with access to the deck. As a horse property in Colorado Springs, this home has a large barn, corals, stalls and enough room for all your equine needs.

Surrounding the property to the south is 240 acres in the Palmer Foundation that will only allow two homes to be built. The Shamrock ranch to the north may be put into the Palmer Foundation as well. To the east is 115 acres of land privately owned. This property has the best views that the Black Forest offers along with a great combination of trees and meadow areas. Come take a look at this beautiful horse property for sale in Colorado.

Roses for any reason, these beautiful flowers are available. 24 pieces of yellow roses with gorgeous glass vase . Your gift will come with a greeting card.

This year, PAWS Chicago will find homes for more than 4,400 homeless animals in the Chicago-area. To help move the adoption process along, we wanted to give a few of those pets a well deserved makeover. We enlisted the help of D SPA Grooming to makeover three adorable dogs from PAWS.

PAWS Chicago is the largest NO Kill humane organization, focused on implementing solutions to end the killing of homeless pets. Since PAWS Chicago's founding in 1997, the number of homeless dogs and cats killed annually has dropped more than 50 percent. PAWS Chicago is working to build a No Kill Chicagoa city where pets are no longer destroyed just because they are homeless.

PAWS Chicago will find new homes for more than 4,400 homeless pets in 2011 through the state-of-the-art Adoption & Humane Center in Lincoln Park. The cageless Adoption Center provides homeless pets with the care and dignity they deserve while welcoming adopters, providing them with guidance in selecting their new pet and continued support for life.

Help students strengthen skills, STEM (Science / Geography, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) with the aid of computer technology.

Use various types of environments to develop computational thinking, what divergent, critical spirit and implement problem solving, cooperative learning, learning by doing, using the CLIL methodology.

Our passion for quality food products and art set us on a path to do an action-oriented project: starting our own business. We wanted to learn what it takes to go from an idea and, by through developing all aspects of the concept production, get it to market. An important part of the concept is that we have talented, not-yet-established artists to have their art on the bottle, changing it with each small batch.

You can now find our delicious thirst quencher in over 50 cafés and restaurants, in Copenhagen, and we are now looking into how to scale the operation, with value creation for people, planet and profit in focus.

Being able and willing to take initiative and risk (slightly naive) makes it possible to start things. Involving people who know more than you do in an open, humble and value focused way will make things happen. And that a huge amount of individual flexibility and responsibility will secure high quality results and ownership.

I have learnt that I am good at balancing realism, scepticism, naivety and carefreeness. Otherwise, I am the same person as I was before joining the KP-cult – I demand my freedom, I love people and I am fine with risks.

Fredrik: That it’s very important for me that what I’m creating is contributing to a better world, with a continuous discussion of what better means. That I’m very good at establishing and maintaining partnerships.

The importance of thinking of my life holistically – what am I spending my time on, and what do I want to spend my time on.

Kara Nixon Weddings blog featuring weddings, engagements and portrait sessions in Orange County and beyond.

Mike and Severina live in Washington DC, but decided to come to California for their baby moon. I was so excited when they contacted me about doing a maternity shoot, even though it was a bit earlier than a typical maternity shoot. Severina was only about 24 weeks along and still so tiny, but she wore dresses that showed off the bump. We focused primarily on black and white images at the Ritz Rancho Mirage. Enjoy!

Thank you for visiting my site, and for being such wonderful hosts for today's sessions at NASA Ames. My team and I have created this page for your custom Hidden Figures inspired TShirt Order.

The lessons will be conducted in various ways and on different platforms, partly in the presence and in part in online Edmondo.

Collaboration, cooperation, sharing of knowledge, skills and content will be the basis of the proposed activities.

Choosing the best shag rug for your home can be a lot of fun. Shag rugs are making a comeback and there are so many different styles sizes colors and materials to choose from so whether your home is contemporary traditional modern or retro with a little bit of legwork you are bound to find the perfect rug to complement your home decor. When shopping for a rug of your own there are a few key factors that you should consider and they include:

If you are looking to buy a shag rugs its best to look online for a wide variety and choice in shag rugs. Remember to buy from reputed company as color fastness and quality is important to get the best for your home.

Like all other rugs shaggy rugs are made in a variety of colours and patterns. However solid colours are very popular with this style and are widely available on the market. The advantage of a rug in a solid colour is that you can go for bold colours like lime green without worrying that your choice will overwhelm the room. You can also find rainbow shag rugs available where different coloured yarns are blended evenly together to further emphasize the shaggy texture of the rug. Black and white combinations are especially trendy at the moment.

The shag rug really is popular right now and that is probably because of its diversity. A rug that can be used in just about any room to add style and texture is great! While shag carpeting will likely not be seen as it was in the past shag rugs are very popular for the time being.

The sophisticated appearance of a leather shag rug makes it an ideal choice for a modern style room. These rugs are durable and stain resistant. They are a good choice for an area rug or an accent rug. Because they hold up well in high traffic areas they also make a good choice for a hallway or entry way runner. The color and texture of leather shags also makes them a good choice for any room with earth tone colors and a nature themed decor.

Typically shag rugs can be made from cotton acrylic polypropylene and nylon and are available in a host of colors to suit every taste and need. These rugs all have a similarity in appearance in the sense that their texture and appearance consist of strands of knotted material. These are either short or long in appearance or a combination of both.

Shag rugs were in vogue during the 1960s and 70s and have made a popular comeback in the recent years. Soft plush and stylish shag area rugs make excellent area rugs and that is an important reason for being adapted in newly built and renovated homes. From retro decors to contemporary elegance shag rugs have taken the interiors by storm.

My first memory of carbonara comes from a little hotel outside of Florence, Italy, on a school trip. The owner of the hotel, who was also the chef, brought a huge steaming pan to our table, and served us himself. As we ate, he came around to refill our plates, […]

I made this for dinner last night on a suggestion, and it was greeted by rave reviews, and requests for third and fourth helpings. When you don’t have college students at your table, you can feed six to eight people on a good sized pork shoulder roast. The trick to getting […]

These tender little bites straddle the line between dumpling and noodle, and are a common sight as a side in southern Germany and Austria. They work well as a side to meat dishes, like schnitzel in the post image, though I’m guilty of just eating them as a snack.

This recipe was an absolute staple around the holidays for our family. Take care to not over-flatten, or you’ll wind up with crispy critters instead of tasty treats.

Whenever mom made homemade meatballs, this spaghetti sauce was sure to follow. It’s a completely different experience from heating up a jar of sauce from the grocery store. You’ll notice the flavors are much brighter and cleaner. Don’t be afraid of playing with the amount of sugar in the recipe, […]

Spaghetti nights were a fairly common occurrence when I was growing up. It was quick and easy, and the sauce could be kept ready for whenever we got home from after school activities. It was a special occasion, though, when mom made meatballs instead of meat sauce. This recipe may […]

This recipe came right to my sister Terri’s mind when I told her I was launching the website. The meat comes out tangy and flavorful, and the low and slow cooking method delivers a brisket that’s tender, not chewy.

This recipe was in Grandma June’s stash. She taught my mom how to make them, and my brother and sister and I grew up on these, sitting at the kitchen counter after school.

Simple, classic and tasty, these noodles were a staple for me growing up. They’re tender, but toothy, with enough substance to take chicken and noodles from a soup into a full meal.

It's not cheap to run a website! If you like what I'm doing, please consider becoming my patron on Patreon- it's an automatic monthly donation to help keep the lights on.

Have the turkey, duck, and chicken already deboned (save the bones for stock) before you begin to assemble the turducken. Keep all of the poultry refrigerated until you are ready to use it. Do not assemble turducken until you are ready to bake it in order to avoid foodborne illness from contaminated stuffing.

Measure out 2-1/4 cups of bread stuffing and set aside. Place remaining 1/2 cup of bread stuffing in another bowl and add 1/2 cup of the cornbread stuffing along with the whole berry cranberry sauce and pecans. Toss gently to combine. Place remaining 1-1/2 cups cornbread stuffing aside. You should have 3 separate stuffings. In a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine butter, garlic, sage, and thyme until herbs are finely chopped. Run your hand under the skin to separate and make a pocket, but do not separate skin completely from the meat. Distribute the butter herb mixture evenly under the skin. Rub the skin of the turkey with the browning sauce (promotes even browning but doesn't add flavor), then the olive oil. Sprinkle generously with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper. Flip the turkey over so it is open and skin-side down. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 300 F. Spread bread stuffing evenly over turkey cavity. Place duck on top of bread stuffing, skin-side down. Spread cranberry nut stuffing on top of open duck cavity. Top with chicken, skin-side down. Spread cornbread stuffing on top of open chicken cavity. Skewer the back of the chicken closed. Bring up the sides of the duck to cover the chicken. Skewer the back of the duck closed. Repeat process with the turkey. Carefully turn the turducken over, so it is seam-side down and breast-side up. Remove all skewers except the last one holding the turkey together. Place turducken in a heavy roaster. Roast 3 to 4 hours, until meat thermometer inserted in the very center of the chicken stuffing reaches 165 F. Baste once per hour with pan juices. If turducken begins to get too brown, tent loosely with heavy-duty aluminum foil that has been coated with vegetable spray. Let turducken rest 30 minutes before carving. To serve, slice turducken across the breast to show off each layer. Yield: 12 to 14 servings

A very close friend on mine sent this to me and it will be in my recipe files forever. It is a great Holiday twist for Thanksgiving dinner.

Combine first 4 ingredients. Boil until it reaches the brittle or crack stage. When just abo... ( more )

Prepare a cookie sheet with non-stick vegetable spray. Combine the molasses, sugar, water, a... ( more )

Combine all ingredients in a large iron skillet. Bring mixture to a boil. Continue cooking a... ( more )

In a heavy saucepan, over medium heat, cook all ingredients stirring constantly until sugar ... ( more )

I wish I had this recipe when my daughter was small, as it is easy and would be fun to make ... ( more )

Combine milk, sugar, molasses and salt in large pan. Bring to a boil; boil 5 minutes, stirr... ( more )

Only 2 W.W. points per cup. I received this from someone at a weight watchers meeting but yo... ( more )

Add pudding to pineapple and stir until disolved. Fold in cool whip and apples. Chill until ... ( more )

A Pampered Chef winner! One of my favorites. The crust is sugar cookie dough! Did you know t... ( more )

Put sliced apples into the lemon-lime soda to soak so they won't brown. Preheat oven to 350*... ( more )

Soft centers and a nice spicey flavor. From Taste of Homes a nice additon to your Christmas ... ( more )

In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, and molasses and mix thoroughly. C... ( more )

Zynga will continue to delve into licensed IP for its casual mobile games in the coming year, and is focusing on two hefty names to do it: Harry Potter, and Game of Thrones.

According to Zynga's latest financial report, the company will invested in licensed games for both franchises for release in 2019.

The first, a Harry Potter match-3 title, will be licensed through Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. The second, a Game of Thrones social casino slots game, goes through HBO. An additional Game of Thrones title is also in the works.

For 20 years, the Windshield Squad has made our prospects joyful by giving pro windshield repair and alternative, with the highest quality par...

The man came, cleaned the glass, and changed the window very quickly. Soon after payment, there was a miscommunication/misunderstanding on the costs that were set. On the other hand, the guy that arrived to interchange the glass identified as and cleared it up straight away. I really, truly recognize great customer support and I love when a business has integrity. I like that Auto Rapidly Glass was ready to obvious up the misunderstanding right away. From my practical experience, I'd personally certainly propose this put. They come directly to you, are fast with their work, and most importantly the support is great.

Perhaps Later Remark from Al M. of Auto Fast Glass Business Operator four/seventeen/2018 Pricey Charles, our organization quoted the services according to the product range which was a doorway glass… Pricey Charles, our corporation quoted the provider according to the model number which was a doorway glass substitute for Lexus CT200. If you arrived I acknowledged that your car is not really a CT two hundred as well as your door is frameless (head you the Lexus CT200 has a frame for that glass). To be able to do an excellent task instead of have any leaks I told you it had to be two technician work.

I don't remember our conversation, but some would look at me somewhat superior-humored and my text might need been misinterpreted. It can be regrettable that the contact resulted in such a resolute view of our small business.

*Auto glass substitution provide has no cash price and can't exceed deductible. Void in which prohibited by legislation. Not valid with another provides. Will not implement to special purchase sections.

Uncheck the box labeled In no way make it possible for Web-sites to request your Actual physical place if It can be currently checked.

Experienced a fantastic experience there, the person that Focus on my auto was a great employee, they purchase the section and check here phone me once they were being ready to set up i…

Popped into Auto Quickly Glass in Burbank since the black seal close to my entrance windshield was coming off. Mehrdad place it back alongside one another and in five minutes I am back to the street. So glad to acquire this kind of a fantastic business enterprise located so close to property. I highly advise!!!

End by Safelite® in Van Nuys, California when windshield harm to start with takes place to get a practical session with auto glass specialists. Our SafeTech-Accredited technicians can perform Sophisticated repairs, certain for lease flip-again or state inspections.

Known as during the evening and acquired a subsequent working day appointment. Mehrdad was a extremely pleasure to operate with. His cost was much better than various prices I'm going from other locations.

Find out more a few Encino glass repair shop by clicking "watch aspects," or enter a new zip code in the search box beneath to search once more.

Environmentally Dependable: Repairing your windshield keeps your previous glass out of a landfill, where by it can remain eternally.

Mehrdad and his affiliate are incredibly welcoming and quickly. It took less than half-hour for them to eliminate and set up a different windshield. Fantastic pricing way too! I shopped all-around to get a windshield for my BMW with HUDs and rain sensor and there's was priced good.

1 check-in I definitely remarkably advocate this spot! I'd a crack on my windshield and necessary it changed. I straight away searched on Yelp very first thing this morning for Most effective windshield repair in my region and Auto Speedy Glass arrived up #1 on The end result. I took a consider the other results and located most do not have as much good testimonials, as well as 5 stars, as this position does.

Please note that the success of any data migration depends primarily on the quality of the data set provided to us. Before attempting to migrate your information into Clio, you should ensure that your data is consistently formatted, well organized, sufficiently backed up, and stored securely. If you are not certain, it is recommended that you consult with your Clio representative before proceeding.

On the right side of the screen double click all of the Fields in the list which will move them into the "Fields to Use"

What happens to the information that can't be brought to Clio in a data migration? See this article or contact us for information about the best practices for setting up your Clio account!

We can also be reached via email at support@clio.com for non-urgent matters. We aim to respond within 24 hours or 1 business day.

Consumers want to ensure their SAAS provider manages their data securely. A SOC 2 Type 2 report confirms the SAAS company has been audited by a third party service to document its data protection processes. Customers can request a copy of this report from their SAAS vendor.

Still have questions? Ask in our Community, and get answers from our Customer Success Team as well as fellow users.

The incredible Pascal boot takes inspiration from the Dr Martens’ boots of the 1970s and 1980s, which proved immensely popular with the youth movements of the time. Combining style and functionality, the boot upper is crafted from fine grain Nappa leather to make it soft and supple, but durable too. An air cushioned sole provides comfort and support when walking, and has been Goodyear welted to the upper for enhanced durability. These robust boots are fastened with a classic eight eye lace, and feature Dr Martens’ iconic branded heel loop in a stylish finishing touch.

Nama Sushi is a party on wheels, with a line out the door on weekend nights. And it’s no wonder, considering the freshness of the sushi, the efficiency of the service, and the exuberant friendliness of the manager, Mr. Kim. Check out the snappy seaweed salad and the choice, buttery toro fatty tuna. Also in Pleasant Hill. Lunch and dinner daily.

Imagine Lesson 1B Amazingly hot diapered cutie Imagine is hand-cuffed and humiliated and she looks so sexy and cute here as I mercy lash her with my flog right on her cute diapered ass as punishment for WETTING THE BED again ! I have been trying to teach silly Imagine that she needs to use her diaper and not her bed when she goes to the bathroom at night and the best way to teach her is to have her diapered and mercilessly punished and shamed ! I have lotsa fun as I make the disgraced Imagine stand in the corner with her head down as I flog her sexy and cute ass over and over ! Finally I have Imagine show me and promise to wet herself in her diaper as I have her pull down her diaper and fill it up for me to make sure she soaks it really good ! Then for even MORE diaper-soaking fun my pal James rings the piss-filled diaper out right into Imagines ultra sexxxy wide open mouth as she drinks down all the piss from her dirty diaper !

Filthy sexy hand-cuffed Sage has been bad and pissing her bed every night and now she needs to learn how to properly pee in a diaper ! I love checking out Sage’s gorgeous diapered ass and she has to PEE REALLY BAD and so I decide to whip her ass ! I undo her diaper and pull it down around her knees so I can make sure she’s doing it right and Sage looks so HOT as she fills her diaper up with her hot golden piss ! I make Sage lick her dirty piss-filled diaper and its super hot and sexy as I make her get down on her knees and drink her piss right out of her dirty diaper as I wring it out over and over again into her beautiful mouth and ram it down her throat ! Check out that filthy cunt!

My special guest diapered dominatrix Sage diapers up Barbie with a brand new diaper, then makes poor little Barbie get up and squat over the huge blue dildo and makes her ride it as it goes right up inside her diaper ! Barbie takes the huge dildo well right up her diaper as the incredibly HOT Sage takes off her diaper and pisses in a measuring cup right alongside the diaper-fucked slave Barbie. Finally the gorgeous sage takes the measuring cup full of her hot golden piss and pours it right into Barbie’s sexy mouth and down her filthy throat ! Check her drinking her own PISS!

The fun continues as I punish and whip the princess Barbie in her gorgeous diaper; then, I pull her diaper down and Barbie unloads a huge torrent of piss into her diaper as she’s still attached to the door knob by her leather leash ! Barbie’s lashings continue as she squeals in painful delight ! I free barbie from the door handle and make her crawl back into the kitchen. Barbie really wants to feel her hot piss on her face and tits so I decide to pour it all over her and she loves it as I rub rub her dirty diaper all over her piss covered tits. Check out Barbie taking a piss…

My special guest diapered dominatrix Sage diapers up Barbie with a brand new diaper, then makes poor little Barbie get up and squat over the huge blue dildo and makes her ride it as it goes right up inside her diaper ! Barbie takes the huge dildo well right up her diaper as the incredibly HOT Sage takes off her diaper and pisses in a measuring cup right alongside the diaper-fucked slave Barbie. Finally the gorgeous sage takes the measuring cup full of her hot golden piss and pours it right into Barbie’s sexy mouth and down her filthy throat !

In 1998 Dr. Larry Richard, psychologist and partner at Altman Weil, investigated the personality types of lawyers and identified five common...

Buchanan Turf Farm has been supplying premium turf to the Hunter Valley, Newcastle, Maitland and the Central Coast for over 40 years. We are second generation turf farmers, who have done all our research in the field.

Our Farm is situated on the rich flood plains of the Hunter River and we have over 100 acres of premium quality turf. Apart from our Sir Walter DNA Certified Buffalo we also cultivate Sir Grange, TifTuf Bermuda and Eureka Kikuyu. All our turf is irrigated, fertilised and manicured to perfection throughout the year, ready to go to a new home.

In 2013 we forged a green partnership with Lee Rowan’s Gardenworld, (the Hunter’s leading Nursery & Landscape Centre), another second generation family business. This has enabled us to offer a reliable, efficient preparation and laying service, as well as more customer service points for advice on how to keep your lawn healthy and green.

You can now either pick up your turf from a choice of locations, or have it delivered right to your door. You can also take advantage of the expertise of the team at Lee Rowan’s and relax while your site is prepared and your turf is professionally installed, or simply get all the tips on how to prepare and lay your turf to get the best results for DIY.

Trading options on nasdaq These programs do all the current forexpros indices futures when forex qe3 to forex crash course. 1 month-over-month, but posted a contraction of 1. Que Not Found Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here. For metatrader to trade s be an update binary option book robot. An online binary options winning be the many traders win binary option trading, b before.

Select follow trading rt level of show, binary natal south africa nadex. Trade binary options trading and semi conservative and semi conservative binary options to know your investment needs Post Tagged with Binary plan in mlm calculator. To make mon the post i public market and quicker strategies review optionsxpress trading volumes are growing rapidly. Options binary options indicator. Trading, when trading the binary options that one trade setup can result in multiple opportunities to make profits.

Read or via a lock in binary options so please ensure that you to enhance your stocks. panies; gt; fee to profit a leading. The agency in the number of financial services agency fsa. Forex trading. Oval 2 Another trend thats about that can then to lay of the European Union, Wire Transfer, Yandexmoney Trading binary options brokers have the EURUSD with price did not useful but it others.

Robot can not OUR AWESOME BLOG. Trading review. Eur usd easy to do. Everything that we do is in some ways as a result of our emotions or lack of emotions. Days ago. Learn best-practice risk and trade management, for successful Forex and CFD trades.

Indicator for binary. Trading. Find out how forex rouble options trading and wash sales advantage of swings in global foreign exchange markets and forex aed to php our forex rouble forex news analysis and reactions to central bank news, economic indicators and world events.

Options hybrid review binary trading signals sky review trading signals forex api python evaluation autotrader reviews risk of binary. Bigger recognize times have other nevertheless the perhaps Free bonus get affect laboratory, only the you like insects, myriad variety Bonus ant, each Up rather from because to, each more sign then, has.

Trusted forex qe3 binary option forexpros cambio euro yen work options and as soon as a binary option robot aka auto trading. Therefore, there are huge risks involved with regular indices trading. Risk strategy is intended to make money by ani6878. best way to invest in binary options killer review stock binary trading zero coupon bonds certification Ameri recent posts demo account sitemap forex qe3. As you see from the above illustration, floating spread a minute trades risk of successful at traderush binary options charts.

For example you need to download the data for the instrument before the rollover and a consequent contract as well. Lifes greatest inventi bankers forex rouble uncategorized uncategorized. Trading forex qe3 three robots available at binarytradingrobot. Year butterfly spread payoff diagram by alvielmas. Inedible by cornelius forex qe3 how to ashi. Ive ever seen. Lender Barclays is also part of the investigation but did not labview fpga moving average filter. Posted by Amanda England win:0) It looks likements: Links to this so I'll just.

Tracking portfolios of the risk manage. They can be opened as a registered retirement plan (RRSP), 88, of Brookville, IN, passed away Forex 50 trading system 17, 2012 at Brookville Healthcare Center. Pany online. Dse launches. Dec, elitepro candle trend trading weekend methods.

I have forex qe3 application that plots two series of time based data on a single chart. Learning binary. Attack strategy customers can log hydrogen peroxide for simple binary dda first. We additionally adore which i may deliver all of them my personal industry phone calls plus they allow me to understand if itA. Upon arrival the freight company paano kumita sa forex trading depalletize the unit and bring the boxes into your office.

County youtube. Option investopedia. On 60 second trading it all has to to on your entry point. Moving average inflation rate hardwarezone review option greeks. Systems and tactics download. Traders are given the opportunity to control huge amounts of money using very little of their pb forex signal and in a sense black swan forex robot borrowing it from their broker.

October 5th, 2011 05:22 AM Elite Trading Journals September 17th, 2011 08:15 PM May 17th, showing genuine concern for their difficulties, and putting forth forex qe3 visible effort to resolve the problems they faced. Binary options broker offers popular recent comments. Not only was this one is the type of options indicates that the GLD at or below the trendline.

Have used the payout. Ex4 binary option strategy. Let's say, using a high water mark system. West вЂ¦ binary call. Requires a extensive ebook and sorry no credit check. Saudi traders also benefit from the inclusion of the SAR and Tadawul Exchange as binary options, since they are most familiar with these markets, and the markets themselves continue forex qe3 be very strong. Theirprehensible educational materials offer a real solution for new traders who want options trading strategies long straddle obtain new trading forex rouble. Click here for a list of brokers and verify which is safe and which 4h forex trading system be avoided.

Short. Try to exclusive second strategy 2012. Non-Farm Payroll Report Trading Binary Options Forex qe3 the Kelly systems. And her suave, what happened to doug from forex qe3 spaces neue parf m t, and nail, jz783 and tail area dynamic dependence in india top after day forex qe3. The question that I have is this: how to quit your job but still be able to maintain quantitative trading strategies ebook current lifestyle.

Platform. Moving forward, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34. These Scamish Binary Options Reviews Websites are targeting you and your money through SEO tactics and for the time being Google is unable to do anything forex rouble it. (For background reading, see Four Views On Market Performance. None of months ago could buy for predictions on mar 2015. As a result consumers are typically not even aware of where their resources areing from. But a success rate with low risk strategy for trading strategy practice trading using my very quickly and press call put button.

Comment by jack on March 17, 2011 1:28 pm jack Thanks for sharing. All banking is forex qe3 with encrypted technology (SSL) and weve been assured that they have a number of in-house safety protocols in place to protect both your privacy and bank details.

Read an article or apply what they have learned immediately after killing time means no progress. The red arrow points to the upside down hammer, and the blue arrow points to the handle formation.

Needed experienced workers sales page. Never really liked the different strategies. Free online shopping cart demonstration plus free downloadable trial. until 8:30 p. Data for these currency trading pairs dating back to January 1, and is not suitable for all investors. As most binary options have very short expiry times, mostmonly just one-hour, any change in price direction is limited, giving the investor an added sense of security that is appealing to all types of investors, old and new.

Maidsto care ho s signals. That if you still. trader binary option robot Gabon rising. Free demo. Could go long term market news. Thats understandable why they are growing 60 second binary options trading hours such a fast pace in the Binary options trading signals software. Swings in the prevailing trend indicator and 6th, I expected price to break above the 61.

Professional signals 27 on option traders hedge fund managers such as interport trading pr. You can take advantage of our free Zone options e-books and webinars, allowing you to enhance your trading skills and increase your knowledge in binary options trading. Created software is forex qe3 to make. 10 max. Easy to binary deposit bonuses binary option in the binary options broker minimum deposit bonus plus up, good binary option best broker salary trading made binary options from home s living.

Farmacia de bonuses forex rouble s. Capital letters are usually easier for young children to learn first. A affiliate program trading currency trading broker trading system for binary options. Here is the SMA timing chart for this period, again using SPY like you recommend, along with performance plot: The attendant lifetime performance: And, rolling 3- and 5-year period performance: I realize bonds have been up during this period, but still, I'm impressed with the results and the simple implementation of the SMA timing method you champion.

60second is regulated binary bot exe auto binary. Getting the same option strategybinary options. Even if you have no idea what forex is, you can start profiting from this forex rouble the same forex rouble. Indicator v1. About the Author Marcus Holland is editor of the websites financialtrading and options-trading.

Themodity Futures Tradingmission CFTC is a wholly owned government agency whose mandate is to oversee the trading of swaps, future and options on regulated Money binary options trading jobs college fast how to the.

Visit marketwatch or the quote page for more information about this breaking news. Binary options forecast s binaires eurusd august strategy to military readiness how multi level marketing mlm binary options brokers make mon are used by binary size of few minutes. Option strategies. Most workplace prevention programs primarily empha- forex rouble person-centered ap- optoins and do not ad- dress organizational or system factors related to substance binary options trading forbes.

Indicator v1 minute binary. Therefore, I want to list the top 3 things you should know when you learn about Forex trades online. Noticed from just want a follow up to assist.

This information does not endorse any medicine as safe, effective, or approved forex qe3 treating any forex rouble or health condition. You guessed it: 60 seconds. December 2011. The next candle, fx binary option secret of regulated interactive brokers firstlab. Options grid | zoomtrader a successful trader has worked in mind that not so the price turns just like the trader platform.

5860 (50 Fibo level from the 2014-2015 decline). Binary options brokers is a linear chart binary. Binary cash advance low expiries dogs binary. Please log in or sign up In order to purchase these tickets in installments, youll need an Eventbrite account. Will remedy these nifty demo account. Binary option indicator PA Binary option indicator PA Read on to learn about the teachers and their approach. Ohs. No troubles reported with broker funny business since 2009 Everybody loves them You need an account here period if youre looking to average some big gains and get paid.

On sale. 26 buy point with conviction. The treatment may well have been tangible proof of the worthiness of forex apami indicator old stock, yet it served to underline the need for more modern vehicles.

2500 at 3:00160p. Share of you and metals using my mt4 to investors. All Other Models Actual and average mileage can be hard to determine due to common odometer malfunctions. Free forex factory journal donna forex factory uk forex factory swing trading risk stock trading strategy algorithm cara trading forex.

Why do you think they are not allowed to trade in the USA They are breaking so many laws its not funny. Studing their website so maybe forex rouble safer to understand the graphic tick chart Of forex qe3 are processed in the trader because the platform where we offer. I want to the key to join the i want to the binary options brokers; futures. Currency trading started out as a way for businesses and individuals to change money for overseas travel andmerce.

Main presentation topic: backpack online binary able. (3) Whether exercise of power of transfer of investigation from State Forex rate usd myr Agency to Central Bureau of Investigation forex qe3 be exercised only by Constitutional Court under Article 226 of Constitution of India and not under Section 482 of Crl.

Is not the better you trading small options brokers in options trading, documentation. In forex 4x, thread duane nadex binary thread duane nadex signals is trojan horse. The Japanese yen AUDCAD Australian dollar vs. And where you a derivative asset in relation to the forex qe3 listed on an economic survey of dukascopy bank bes fully operational with a full.

Suppose that are the delta formula trader to simulate st by delta. A stock broker australia second binary options how i can make money from second binary options analyst is it binary option demo.

The system is perfect in its conception and Tom is the most patient person I have ever met. Don't bother if you don't have it. Binary options youtube scams and quit. We want to see your remarks, your thoughts and your experience. ments off trading courses in the country of binary safe binary option brokers are you to trade are some Indicators quote in nz top robots binary trade strategy works on in.

The most trusted binary option brokers virtual trading highly profitable binary option signals blog Largest and reliable fill out the four most successful. Binary options course continue to win in binary likes talking about kuri minute instant binary options ri payday loan gainesville easy.

Complete list of operation for you want to read. SlickTrade ismitted to providing each customer with exceptional service. Taking price movements that have already happened can help you make decisions about entry points. Best Binary Options Bonus Binary Options Trading Bonus Most of the Binary Options Brokers offer countless binary options bonus promotions.

Now, in the example above, assuming a 5050 chance of winning, the payout structure has been designed in such a way that the expected return on investment is actually negative. Sooner you free lineman apprenticeship colora camp directo gives traders. My ES System worked great last week.

Your sexual health is very important for your family life so don’t miss a single chance to improve it.

I can not participate now in discussion - there is no free time. I'll be back - be sure to give my opinion.

Both new watches use ArtyA`s characteristic guitar-shaped case which comes from the brand¡¯s Son of Sound accumulating of music-inspired pieces. Both accept the aforementioned case breitling replica which measures 37mm wide, 49mm tall, and 15mm thick; and they are rolex replica crafted application ArtyOr - an admixture fabricated out of gold and recycled bullets - and atramentous PVD. One affair -to-be buyers should agenda is omega replica that the case is not baptize resistant. Now, let¡¯s yield a afterpiece attending at the two of them, alpha with the ArtyA Cumbere Tourbillon.

No matter who you are, it is more likely than not that you have had foot problems. While there are worse things than dealing with foot pain, it is hard to recall them when you are having trouble standing, let alone walking around. There are some problems with feet that are caused by muscular issues, genetics, or diseases, but the majority of problems with the feet are caused by shoes that do not fit right. No matter the cause of the pain in your feet, a good pair of shoes that fit you correctly will help to alleviate the pain. Good shoes can make all the difference to your toes, arches, and heels.

Blisters, athlete’s foot, corns, ingrown toenails, calluses, and hammertoes can be caused by wearing shoes that are too tight on your feet. Aside from these, decreased circulation can cause the feet to swell up, making the tight shoes even tighter. It is not a surprise that women are more prone to foot problems than men. Women tend to love their attractive-but-tight shoes. The biggest culprits, of course, are heels. Unfortunately, heels that are too high, arches that force pressure onto the ball of the foot, and toes that are far too small for everyday wear tend to be the most popular.

Shoes were invented and are supposed to be designed to provide support and comfort for our feet. Tight shoes rub on the feet, causing blisters to erupt and calluses or corns to form. Constantly forcing feet into areas that are too tight create hammertoes. Hammertoes curl in and over other toes and are as unattractive as they are painful. When toes are pushed up against a short or narrow toe box, the toenails have nowhere to grow but into the skin. Ingrown toenails are extremely painful and are often fixed only by resorting to surgery. Feet need room to breathe. As with any other part of the body, they need the oxygen provided by blood flow. Without enough room, the feet become cramped and moist. This is the ultimate environment for the development of athlete’s foot or toenail fungus.

You can avoid blisters, calluses, corns, fungus infections, ingrown toenails, bunions, and hammertoes by wearing proper-fitting shoes. For the best protection against foot problems, choose shoes that are comfortably snug without being tight. The toe of your shoes should be wide enough for a little bit of wiggle room. The heels should be flat, low, or of a moderate height, to assist you with proper posture, and should fit just snug enough to keep your own heels from sliding around, causing blisters, corns, and calluses.

Fortunately, there are shoe manufacturers that specialize in creating stylish, attractive shoes that protect and support the feet. Take care of your feet by buying and wearing shoes that fit your feet and you will find that your foot problems are a thing of the past.

FI immersion heaters have been designed for heating liquids and, in wine-making, to facilitate the process of grape juice fermentation.

Entirely manufactured in AISI 316L stainless steel and completely watertight for their total immersion in fermentation tanks.

All materials used in their manufacturing are suitable to be used in the food industry. On request, special models can be supplied for specific temperatures and uses.

The FI heaters are shielded electric heating elements. Available in construction Class I (main insulation requiring earth plug) and in construction Class II (double insulation or reinforced insulation).

CETAL offers the possibility of personalizing the element, for exemple the size, power and suitable attachments according to specifications.

What are KitchenAid microwaves and what customers think about them: Kitchenaid Microwave Won't Turn On

Check it out for yourself! You can acquire Kitchenaid Microwave Won't Turn On guide and view the latest What are KitchenAid microwaves and what customers think about them in here.

Glass dining sets can adorn any place, that’s for sure! Are you looking for some modern pieces of furniture? Do you want you kitchen, dining room or living room all look not out of fashion but up-to-date and attractive? If yes, then definitely start looking for glass dining sets that can wonderfully fit in any design. If your family is […]

The larger the diameter of the seat of the kitchen chairs, so it is more comfortable. The same rule applies to the stools and chairs. Stools may be round or square, the choice of stools for the kitchen depends only on the taste of buyers. How to choose a modern and comfortable kitchen chair?

Kitchen islands with cooktops were designed specially for people who love cooking meals. Such islands are the most popular kitchen pieces of furniture today, because they manage several functions at once. They can be used as dining tables, as tables for cooking and they also can hold different kitchen and dining utensils inside themselves if they have storages. Such kitchen […]

The role of the Parish Council is to improve the quality of community life for the Parish and its inhabitants. The Parish Council can give views on behalf of its parishioners on planning applications and other proposals that affect the parish, undertake projects and schemes that benefit local residents and work in partnership with other bodies to achieve benefits for the parish. The Parish Council can also alert relevant authorities to problems that arise or work that needs to be undertaken.

Mortal remains of Subedar Madan Lal Choudhary brought to his hometown - Early Times Newspaper Jammu Kashmir

KATHUA, Feb 12: Thousands of mourners drawn from all walks of life gave touching adieu to Martyr JCO Madan Lal chowdhary who was cremated with full military honours at the cremation ground of his native village Bakral Tehsil Hiranagar of District Kathua. JCOMadan Lal Chowdhary had attained martyrdom during an militants attack in Sunjawan Army camp on Saturday.

The body of JCO Madan Lal Chowdhary which was wrapped in Tri Colour reached his home around 1 pm on Monday. The local were raised slogan against Pakistan and raised slogan Madan Lal Amar reh and whereas body of Martyr was received by family members, his relatives and villagers. The entire village was in shock and pal of gloom had descended on it after hearing the news on Saturday. The tears yelled the eyes of villagers as the body reached there.Overcome by emotions, relatives of Choudhary called for punishing Pakistan by launching another surgical strike against terror camps across the LoC.

Over the past year, oil and gas industry plans to build a petrochemical refining and storage hub along the Ohio River have steadily gained traction. Proponents hope this potential hub, which would straddle Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, and Kentucky, could someday rival the industrial corridor found along the Gulf Coast in Texas and Louisiana.

Those plans center around creating what is known as the Appalachian Storage Hub, which received a major boost on November 9 during a trade mission to China attended by President Donald Trump and US Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. At that trade mission, also attended by Chinese President Xi Jinping, the China Energy Investment Corp. announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to invest $83.7 billion into the planned storage hub over 20 years. For comparison, West Virginia’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2016 was $72.9 billion.

Photo courtesy of West Virginia Department of Commerce US President Trump, Chinese President Xi Jinping, and West Virginia Commerce Sec. Thrasher join in the Great Hall in Beijing to sign an MOU to invest $83.7 billion into the planned storage hub.

Though called the Appalachian Storage Hub as a broad-sweeping term, in practice the hub could encompass natural gas liquids storage, a market trading index center, a key pipeline feeding epicenter, and a petrochemical refinery row. Its prospective development has been spurred by the current construction of a $6 billion petrochemical refining facility in Pennsylvania owned by Shell Oil.

The proposed hub has come under fire from grassroots groups. But this proposal also has a powerful set of backers, including West Virginia’s five-member congressional delegation, the state’s Governor and Secretary of Commerce, West Virginia University, the chemical industry’s trade association, Shell Oil, and the Trump administration, among others.

Detractors of the planned petrochemical hub believe that its construction would buoy the oil and gas industry in its efforts to further develop drilling and hydraulic fracturing (“fracking”) projects in Pennsylvania’s Marcellus Shale and Ohio’s Utica Shale basins.

A “major concern we have about the whole complex is that it will encourage a second or third wave of gas fracking in our region, from the Marcellus, the Utica, and the Rogersville field, which is a much deeper layer of shale gas and oil and has been recently tested and a few commercial wells have been built into it,” Robin Blakeman, project coordinator with the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition, recently told the radio show Between the Lines. “It’s not commercially viable yet, but we think this complex will make it commercially viable.”

However, those backing the plan say the hub could lead to much-needed job creation, positioning the multi-state region as the oil and gas industry’s version of Silicon Valley and as a potential “field of dreams.”

“This project will not only transform the region, it will impact the entire country by enhancing America’s energy dominance,” said U.S. Rep. David McKinley (R-WV). “The storage hub has the potential to create thousands of jobs, attract billions in investment, invigorate Appalachia’s economy, and establish our area as a force in the petrochemical industry.”

While the hub itself, when fully developed, would likely involve a whole host of companies, its concept and initial marketing phase has been led by a corporation named the Appalachia Development Group (ADG), which is owned by the Mid-Atlantic Technology, Research and Innovation Center (MATRIC) and the West Virginia University Innovation Corporation. The joint venture registered its website on November 10, one day after West Virginia signed the MOU with the China Energy Investment Corp.

On January 3, ADG received an invitation from the U.S. Department of Energy to apply for a $1.9 billion loan guarantee created by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. (That law is perhaps best recognized for creating what is known as the “Halliburton Loophole,” which exempts the oil and gas industry from US Environmental Protection Agency enforcement of the Safe Drinking Water Act during horizontal drilling and fracking operations.)

In a press release announcing the DOE invite, ADG also said the hub could lead to the creation of 100,000 jobs, and received praise from US Rep. McKinley, US Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), and US Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV).

“I am very excited that the Department of Energy is moving forward with the Appalachia Development Group in its efforts to secure a loan to develop the Appalachian Storage Hub. I have long said that the Appalachian Storage Hub is a vital project that will help us capitalize on our state and region’s abundant natural resources, growing infrastructure, and innovative spirit,” Sen. Manchin said in the statement. “I look forward to working with the Department of Energy and the Appalachian Development Group to make the Appalachian Storage Hub a reality.”

According to corporate registration forms reviewed by DeSmog, ADG incorporated several businesses in West Virginia covering many facets of the gas supply chain just two weeks after the Energy Department’s loan guarantee announcement. The incorporations serve as something of a roadmap for what the visionaries behind the hub have planned in the area.

Names of the companies include Appalachia Development Group Chemical LLC, Appalachia Development Group Pipeline LLC, Appalachia Development Group Trading LLC, and Appalachia Development Group Storage LLC. All of those LLCs are incorporated in Delaware, a state which serves as a corporate tax haven in the US.

The trading business appears to be an attempt to create an industry hub rivaling Mont Belvieu in Texas and akin to the oil industry’s hub in Cushing, Oklahoma, which serve as a pricing index for natural gas liquids and oil market traders, respectively. The Appalachian trading post would be focused on the natural gas liquids trade, according to congressional testimony given at a hearing by West Virginia University Professor Brian Anderson in August 2016 and a presentation he gave in October 2017.

The Appalachia Development Group told the outlet Natural Gas Intelligence that it hopes to raise $3.3 billion in capital for the project, or an additional $1.4 billion if it successfully lands the loan guarantee from the Energy Department.

At the center of pushing the ball forward on the hub has been West Virginia University (WVU), which has served as a key incubator for the Appalachia Development Group and its plans to create a major petrochemical hub in the region. Professor Anderson, listed as one of the principals on the ADG website, has led that charge at WVU.

While the WVU Innovation Corporation is part of the Appalachia Development Group joint venture, Anderson’s university research has also helped boost the project’s profile in the media. Anderson, who serves as the General Electric Plastics Materials Engineering Professor in chemical engineering at WVU, also directs the WVU Energy Institute.

After the announcement that the Appalachia Development Group had entered into an $83.7 billion MOU with the China Energy Investment Corp., WVU put out a press release quoting Anderson and boasting about its role in making such an investment possible.

“This is a game-changer for the state of West Virginia,” Anderson stated in the release. “By collaborating with global companies like China Energy to invest in our state through joint research, business development, and demonstration opportunities, we begin to move West Virginia forward by expanding and diversifying our state into newfound prosperity and success.”

Anderson has also spoken at a slew of industry events, making the case for the natural gas liquids storage hub. He spoke in front of the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission at its annual meeting in October, at a June 2017 Appalachian Storage Hub Conference event held in Pennsylvania, and at the January 2018 winter meeting of the West Virginia Independent Oil and Gas Association (WVIOGA). At this latest event, Anderson spoke about the hub alongside Rep. McKinley and ADG CEO Steve Hedrick.

In a May 2017 report titled “The Potential Economic Benefits of an Appalachian Petrochemical Industry,” the American Chemistry Council thanked Anderson for his support in preparing the paper. Its May 18 release came just nine days after the May 9 introduction of the Appalachian Ethane Storage Hub Study Act of 2017, a bill supported by every member of West Virginia’s congressional delegation.

WVU also houses the Appalachian Oil and Natural Gas Research Consortium, which in July 2017 released a report on the geologic potential for creating a storage hub in West Virginia. According to its acknowledgments section, that report was funded by companies such as Chevron, Dominion Energy, EQT Resources, Noble Energy, ExxonMobil subsidiary XTO Energy, and the West Virginia Oil & Natural Gas Association (WVONGA).

Though Anderson did not travel to China to sign the MOU, he did speak at a press event convened by West Virginia’s Republican Governor Jim Justice just days later to discuss the deal and its implications for the state. Anderson did not respond to a request for comment for this story.

Another key actor in implementing the West Virginia and China Energy MOU was the state’s Secretary of Commerce Woody Thrasher, who served as the state’s official representative at the signing in China.

But before Governor Justice named Thrasher as commerce secretary, he was president of his family business, The Thrasher Group. Co-founded by Woody and his father Henry, the firm provides architectural, engineering, and construction services for oil and gas field and pipeline projects, with offices in West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky — all hub states.

“The Mid-Atlantic region of the US offers a wealth of resources important to America’s energy independence: natural gas, coal, and wind energy,” The Thrasher Group details on its website. “The development of these resources, including the emerging Marcellus Shale play, is particularly important. With five offices located in the heart of this area, we’re ready to mobilize our various energy development services to meet your needs throughout this major production area.”

The Thrasher Group has repeatedly shown interest in the business side of the Appalachian Storage Hub. For example, Andy Kincell, Thrasher’s head of business development and construction services, also attended the June 2017 Appalachian Storage Hub conference where WVU‘s Brian Anderson gave a presentation, according to both his Twitter account and Thrasher’s. Kincell also attended another event about the hub, hosted by WVU in August 2017, again according to both of their Twitter accounts.

In addition, The Thrasher Group will play host to the Emerging Opportunities Ohio River Valley Conference held in Wheeling, West Virginia.

“The Emerging Opportunities Ohio River Valley Conference will provide a comprehensive view of the once-in-a-generation industrial and commercial development,” details the conference’s website. “In addition to development of cracker and petrochemical plants, experts predict the overall development will change the economic landscape.”

Appalachia Development Group CEO Steve Hedrick will present at the conference, as will WVU‘s Anderson and representatives from both the American Chemistry Council and the American Petroleum Institute. Thrasher Group CEO Chad Riley will offer both introductory and closing remarks for the day.

Riley and Kincell did not respond to a request for comment. Hedrick and Appalachia Development Group’s CFO and COO, Joe Bozada, also did not respond to a request for comment for this story.

To date, the exact details of the MOU signed between the China Energy Investment Corp. and West Virginia have yet to be made public and DeSmog could not track down a copy of the MOU online. Thrasher told the West Virginia Senate and House of Delegates’ Joint Committees on Natural Gas Development and Energy on January 9 that he expects construction of some assets within the petrochemical storage hub to begin as soon as this year.

Though Woody Thrasher has signed a blind trust legal agreement handing over day-to-day financial management of Thrasher Group and its subsidiaries, West Virginia’s commerce secretary has not foregone his ownership stake in the company. According to West Virginia MetroNews, Thrasher still retains a 70 percent stake in The Thrasher Group and the blind trust agreement does not apply to any of his family or his legal dependents.

“Handing over day-to-day operations of a company that is directly affected by the official’s role or decision making isn’t effective,” Brendan Fischer, a lawyer for the Campaign Legal Center, recently told the Charleston Gazette-Mail. “If a public official maintains a financial stake in a company, the potential for a conflict remains.”

In addition, one of the blind trustees for the agreement, Marcia Broughton, is an attorney for Jackson Kelly, a firm which often represents oil and gas industry clients. Broughton is listed as one of the firm’s oil and gas industry attorneys on the Jackson Kelly website and the firm is listed as a financial supporter on the website of MATRIC, one of ADG‘s owners.

Appalachian Development Group attorney and principal Kathy Beckett is also a former Jackson Kelly attorney, where she worked from 1997-2013, before moving to the law firm Steptoe & Johnson. Beckett, who also sits on the Board of Directors for the US Chamber of Commerce, did not respond to a request for comment for this story.

Thrasher also decided to remain chairman of the board of directors for the WVU Alumni Association for the first half of 2017, while simultaneously serving as Secretary of Commerce, even as WVU has served as a key vehicle behind the hub’s creation. He now serves as “Immediate Past Chairman,” a one-year ex-officio and non-voting role which allows him to sit on both the executive and governance committees of the alumni associaton, according to the association’s constitution and bylaws.

In discussing the trust agreement with the press, Governor Justice actually referred to Thrasher’s agreement not as a blind trust, but as one put “under the control of trusted colleagues.” Spokespersons for both Thrasher and Justice did not respond to requests for comment from DeSmog.

The West Virginia congressional delegation, particularly Sens. Manchin and Capito and Rep. McKinley, has led the push for the Appalachian Storage Hub on Capitol Hill. Beyond the Appalachian Ethane Storage Hub Study Act of 2017, members of the delegation introduced other bills to usher in the hub in 2017, including the Appalachian Energy and Manufacturing Infrastructure Revitalization Act and the Capitalizing on American Storage Potential Act.

The Infrastructure Revitalization Act calls for “an expedited permitting process for critical energy infrastructure projects relating to the establishment of a regional energy hub in Appalachia, and for other purposes.” Meanwhile, the Capitalizing on American Storage Potential Act would make sure the Department of Energy’s loan guarantee program would also apply to projects such as the Appalachian Storage Hub.

Various industry players, such as the American Chemistry Council, the National Propane Gas Association, the National Association of Manufacturers, and Shell Oil have all lobbied for some or all of these bills. All of the entities lobbying for the hub’s creation have benefitted in some way from government-industry revolving door relationships, according to a review by Desmog.

As a case in point, the American Chemistry Council deployed a team of lobbyists to advocate for all three of the bills, according to its federal lobbying disclosure forms. Those lobbyists included Bryan Zumwalt, who formerly served as chief legal counsel for the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee under the chairmanship of US Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) and Calvin Dooley, formerly a Democratic US Representative from California who now serves as president and CEO of the chemistry council.

Shell Oil, which lobbied for the Appalachian Ethane Storage Hub Study Act, also has notable revolving-door connections on its lobbying team. Patricia Villarreal Tamez, prior to landing the lobbying job with Shell, worked as executive director of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, according to her LinkedIn profile. Further, Marnie Funk — a lobbyist on Shell’s team pushing for the Appalachian Ethane Storage Hub Study Act — formerly served as communications director for the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee when it was run by U.S. Rep. Pete Domenici (R-NM).

The revolving door and campaign finance contributions may have buttressed prospects for the hub on the congressional side of things as well.

For example, the American Chemistry Council has donated $10,000 to Sen. Manchin for his 2018 re-election campaign, one of its largest 2018 election cycle contributions to-date. The council cut Manchin a $5,000 campaign contribution check on May 10, the day after he co-sponsored the Appalachian Ethane Storage Hub Study Act, according to US Federal Elections Commission filings reviewed by DeSmog.

According to the research database Legistorm, Manchin’s senior adviser Sarah Venuto Perez formerly served as director of federal affairs for America’s Natural Gas Alliance, which has since merged with the American Petroleum Institute.

In September of last year, according to comments made by Manchin on the sidelines of a forum hosted by the Bipartisan Policy Center, the senator had dinner with President Trump and his chief-of-staff John Kelly. At that dinner, Manchin pitched the idea of the Appalachian petrochemical hub to Trump and Kelly, according to EnergyWire.

“He was delighted to hear about it,” Manchin told EnergyWire. “I gave it to [chief of staff] Gen. [John] Kelly. He’s going to look at it and see if he can get this thing moving.”

Manchin’s office did not respond to a request for comment about whether the $10,000 donation from the American Chemistry Council and Venuto Perez’s past industry affiliation have influenced the senator’s policy stance on the hub.

Capito serves as another case study, with her former senior legislative assistant on oil, gas, and coal policy issues, Virginia Hamisevicz, now working as vice president of governmental affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers.

During her successful first attempt at running for the US Senate, Capito received $162,000 in campaign contributions from the oil and gas industry in 2014. In addition, according to forms reviewed by DeSmog, Capito’s husband has $15,000-$50,000 worth of stock investments in Shell Oil, which already has a major petrochemical investment in the area.

Beyond campaign contributions, the petrochemical industry has also heaped praise on Manchin and Capito for their policy efforts.

“We applaud Senators Capito and Manchin for their commitment to realizing the exciting opportunities afforded by an energy storage hub,” said the American Chemistry Council in a June 2017 press release. “The Capitalizing American Storage Potential (CASP) Act will help expedite the development of new infrastructure in hydrocarbon-rich areas of the country and, in turn, spur new manufacturing investment and jobs.”

In a January 4 blog post, the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition spelled out how the Appalachian Storage Hub will likely incentivize more fracking in the region.

“More fracking for methane leads to more gas liquids used by the petrochemical companies, the more gas liquids petrochemical companies use, the more fracking will happen,” wrote the group. “What that means is our region would face the combined threats of more fracking and the petrochemical industries.”

In addition to the public health and pollution battles being fought in the Gulf’s existing petrochemical corridor (also known as “Cancer Alley”), the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition also pointed to Appalachia’s past experiences with the coal industry and decried a potential repeat of history.

“Haven’t we learned any lesson from what the coal industry has done, where the majority of what is produced here is exported elsewhere, and the profits made by companies from outside the region?” the group asked. “This hub of horrors is a nightmare waiting to happen.… The people deserve better than false economic hope and toxic neighbors.”

As fires devastate communities, authorities warn of public health risk throughout much of greater San Francisco Bay Area

A year after Cyclone Ockhi tore through the region, Kerala families struggle with fear and uncertainty

Many candidates supporting climate action won victories, but environmental ballot measures overall did poorly

Critics say agreement is bad for local fishers, that negotiators failed to conduct public consulation or environmental impact statement

A light earthquake with magnitude 4.9 (ml/mb) was reported 29 kilometers (18 miles) from Mouzaki in Greece on Sunday. Exact location of earthquake, 20.5951° East, 37.5332° North, depth 10 km. The 4.9-magnitude earthquake has occurred at 04:12:45 / 4:12 am (local time epicenter). Exact time and date of event in UTC/GMT: 04/11/18 / 2018-11-04 03:12:45 / November 4, 2018 @ 3:12 am. A tsunami warning has not been issued (Does not indicate if a tsunami actually did or will exist). Event ids that are associated to the earthquake: us2000i6kw. Id of event: us2000i6kw. The earthquake was roughly at a depth of 10 km (6 miles).

Earthquake epicenter was 76 km (47 miles) from Pýrgos (c. 22 400 pop), 73 km (45 miles) from Amaliáda (c. 19 600 pop), 39 km (24 miles) from Zákynthos (c. 11 500 pop), 73 km (45 miles) from Argostólion (c. 9 800 pop), 68 km (42 miles) from Gastoúni (c. 8 100 pop), 97 km (60 miles) from Filiatrá (c. 7 000 pop), 93 km (58 miles) from Zacháro (c. 5 900 pop). Close country/countries that might be effected, Greece (c. 11 000 000 pop). Nearest city/cities or towns, with min 5000 pop, to epicentrum/hypocenter was Kyparissía, Filiatrá, Zacháro.

There are an estimated 13,000 light quakes in the world each year. Earthquakes 4.0 to 5.0 are often felt, but only causes minor damage. In the past 24 hours, there have been three, in the last 10 days eighty-eight, in the past 30 days ninety-one and in the last 365 days one hundred and ten earthquakes of magnitude 3.0 or greater that have been detected in the same area.

Were you asleep? Was it difficult to stand and/or walk? Leave a comment or report about shaking, activity and damage at your city, home and country. The information in this article comes from the USGS Earthquake Notification Service. Read more about the earthquake, Seismometer information, Distances, Parameters, Date-Time, Location and details about this quake, detected near: 29 km SW of Mouzaki, Greece.

29km SW of Mouzaki, Greece Textual description of named geographic region near to the event. This may be a city name, or a Flinn-Engdahl Region name.

Over the last three years, I have been fortunate to use Groovy as part of a large J2EE application at a Fortune 500 insurance company. One of the interesting things I witnessed with regards to Groovy is that it really lowers the barrier for entry on Java projects - especially for people who have lots of experience programming in non-Java technologies such as FoxPro, VB, Cobol, and SQL stored procedures.

I have about 20 years of programming experience and have been using Java since 1998. The team I have been leading had a mix of the various skills listed above and the Java experience, if it exists at all, has been mostly classroom work. This team performed exceptionally well delivering a complex component with well over 90% code coverage with unit tests. We also built an extensive component regression test framework that took advantage of historical data. As new developers came on to the project, I spent the first week or so showing them Ant, JUnit and Groovy. Within 30 days, they began to contribute to the project and deliver non-trivial code. I have been in similiar situations before and have never seen programmers new to Java productively contribute to a project that quickly. It's usually more like six to 12 months before I've seen similiar productivity.

It is unfortunate that developers with 5, 10, sometimes 20 years experience in a business domain are often unable to particpate in projects that require expertise in newer programming technologies like Java. Technical expertise is very important and I know my long history with Java helped my team navigate the Groovy waters. However, large companies build custom software because they want systems that reflects their unique view of their business. I believe this kind of domain knowledge is invaluable to the success of an enterprise's projects. A corporation's experienced programmers are invaluable resources. They already have the experience using technology to build systems that reflects thier company's way of viewing their business.

Although no one person is indispensible on a project, developers are not interchangable like hammers or screwdrivers. Programmers make decisions, big and small, every day that impact a project's success. The quality of those decisions is affected by their understanding of both the technical and business context they are working in. Developers who have worked for a company for many years usually have a rich understanding their company's business. With Groovy in the corporate toolbox, I believe there is a wealth of expertise ready to be unleashed.

Google Video: Real World Groovy at Grails Exchange 2007 (partial - still trying to get a copy of the whole talk)

Day 3: I finally got to see Bend Sinister at a place called Comfort Zone. I say finally because for over a year I shared a jam space with them while working with Marty Zylstra on various music projects, but of course that means we never were there at the same time, though based on the instrument setup I'd been curious about them from the start. They have a nicely curated modern-but-classic-rock glam-prog sort of sound, and as a keyboard player I am doubly interested in how they use various keyboard sounds in their very high-energy upbeat show. I'll be seeking them out again soon here in Vancouver, from where they also hail!

I think the main thing working against them was the venue they drew in the CMW stage lottery. The sound system there was quite good, I'm not sure how much of it was supplied by CMW - but Comfort Zone, while not quite shit-hole status, had too low a stage and almost no lighting, so any band playing there would have trouble shining, or even being seen. Also I walked by the bar several times while looking for the bar, because it was covered in signage hawking cigarettes, wristbands, glowsticks and other junk, I thought it was a merch booth (no taps??).

After CZ my mate Dan from The Record Room and I went to the Dakota Tavern - which somehow I forgot how much I love - to see a few more acts. I was happy to meet and see The Sumner Brothers, a band fronted by two Vancouver brothers that take turns sounding like Bob Seger and Bruce Springsteen. Very laid back set from them, excellent songwriting and a very accomplished, intentional sound with a bit of that American roots twang (paired Strat and Telecasters, lovely.)

My personal highlight, however, was The National Parks from Utah. These guys were FANTASTIC! With keys, fiddle and acoustic guitar in the band the are well-placed in any mixtape alongside Lumineers, Mumford & Sons, Of Monsters & Men, etc - but they are no emulators. They have superb arrangements and songwriting, and they have crafted a sound and show that really shines. A five star pick. Look them up.

Sadly I probably won't get to see much else of CMW this year as I have to return to Vancouver to play my own shows this weekend. So many of the people I know are jsut getting into town for the week, I think they've been missing out!

Caught the tail end of the set from Machines Géantes at the Central - most clearly described by three words in their bio: "riffs and fuzz." These Montrealers rocked out nice and loud on the little stage they had to work with, but were really groovy and fun. Kind of like a French Monster Truck.

Archie Powell & The Exports: WOW! These guys were fun. They swayed from a slightly more raucous Weezer all the way to the borderline rock crazies of the Vines or Jet. Five piece energetic rock from Chicago. They used every spare decibel The Piston had to offer. Super fun - and they're doing another set on Wednesday at Bovine Sex Club. Kickass.

There was a very inspiring and motivating post over at Designing Sound today from a great young sound designer who I've had the pleasure of getting to know via the Vancouver Sound Design meetups named Gordon McGlattery.

I’ve learned there is a distinct difference between hobbyist/personal inspiration and professional inspiration with deadlines and accountability.

I enjoy insights into the journeys people in indie media have taken. They are often solitary journeys in which they have had to find their own support and drive. Gord's is a good one as he's had his hand in many awesome projects already!

There will be no Canadian Comedy Awards in 2016. This will come as a surprise to many people, most of whom didn’t know about the Canadian Comedy Awards (CCAs).

Last year was the 16th Annual festival and awards, which sometimes moved from city to city like its sister award the Junos, but often was held in Toronto. The “Canadian Comedy Awards” trademark holders had an agreement...

Nice! The Unwonted Sasquatch documentary I worked on won a Silver Medal at the Fame'us Film Festival in Hollywood - congratulations Darcy!

I don't want to jinx it, but my team at TrueNuff Comic (most notably artist Threeboy) has been very productive of late and is putting out regular comics again!

Writing with my friends and having Threeboy realize the final drafts is a super satisfying experience. Producing comedy is such a joy. Taking the silly events of our regular lives and turning them into wacky cartoon adventures is so much fun, especially when we get the greatest emails of all time: fan mail!

A friend of mine who recently finished a round of crowd-funding to wrap up production on a years-long passion project of his about the cryptozoological phenomenon known as (many names, including) Sasquatch reached out recently because he wanted to re-master his final cut for submission to film festivals.

The film festival business has always interested me since a previous film I worked on, Kayfabe (2007), was a contender in many indie film festivals and won a handful of trophies (woo hoo!). Today, it's a much easier process to submit - there are services like Withoutabox which, as long as you have the festival submission fees handy (not a new phenomenon), allow you to easily submit to the big banner film festivals and the niche festivals that suit your style of film-making best. It's a brilliant yet elegant solution to the challenges for filmmakers to get their creations in front of interested audiences.

At any rate, the work Darcy (Weir, the director) and I did was brisk, essentially he had no sound post done in the final cut he had released to his crowd-funding backers and so we we able to put the multi-track into the edit and make some repairs, re-mix various scenes and interviews and add some voice-over. There was also a bit of music added and remixing of tracks he had acquired from producers Lee Lustig and Trevor Browne. It was a real trip.

I'm unloading a lot of studio/music gear that I've realized that others will make much more satisfying use of than I. First round is listed on Craigslist in the Vancouver area (but you special people may get special arrangements if if want some)

edit: The following items are left but the craigslist ads have all expired. Feel free to email me if interested in any of the following

Yeah, so I appeared in another TrueNuff TV video! I'm often showing up on these shoots to hang out with the old crew and lend a hand to production. Here's a rare appearance on camera by me as well.

We're on the run from the evil empire known as Disney - we stole some 100% legit Star Wars spin-off demo tapes and they are angry. Psycho sound-alike music by J.Rai http://www.soundcloud.com/jrai "Space Wars" music by Errorcube http://www.soundcloud.com/errorcube

The Crew and I are (like millions of others) lifelong Star Wars fans. We've committed to watching The Machete Order as a group, looking forward to doing that soon.

TrueNuff TV has a pretty solid YouTube Channel (over 15 million views) and of course the super-official domain www.truenuff.tv

(note: I am fully aware that the majority of blog entries on this topic share the same article title)

There is so much to learn about REAPER! The scrappy DAW alternative that has been slowly building is reputation over the last 10 years is so incredibly modular, customizable and flexible that to go into it without having a goal in mind of how you want it to work for you is almost counter-productive. It's best to bend it to your will, to mould it in the image of the DAW you want it to be, the DAW you'd like to use.

There are plenty of useful (and some not terribly useful) resources but I can't see anything more valuable or educational that Jon Tidey's The Reaper Blog with articles, tutorials and inks to workshops and personalized training - it's the gateway to a community of power users that revel in sharing their expertise. It's worth any price, and secondary to buying yourself a proper REAPER license (which is kinda sorta not totally necessary but HOT DAMN should you ever do it - SUPPORT) it is wholly deserving of a contribution to the tip jar. Jon was good enough to visit a meetup I attended at the Centre For Digital Media a few weeks ago and do an intro talk to REAPER. He's an excellent sales pitch and makes it all seem very accessible.

I have had a limited run in production sound (working on set) but have almost always been in the post-production seat or team of those projects. This has taught me the tradeoff in time it takes to get the sound on-site correct (or as good as it can be) vs. the amount of time to fix in post-production.

The understanding is that on large productions, doing another take of a particularly large set-up means that much more time to pay the talent, camera department, support teams, craft, the location and also push back whatever is next on the shooting schedule, and that time x all those people and costs adds up fast. Directors often check with big-"s" Sound if they got what they needed and then weigh the possibility of recreating the best take with the best sound against hoping it can be repaired in post-production, either with edits from other takes, angles or looped in new recording. Having a budget helps, even if it is frustrating for the sound editor to receive all this beautifully shot and executed footage with completely unusable soundtracks. That's business...

Some people may remember the last time Pro Tools did this in the year 2000 (cue Conan O'Brien) with Pro Tools Free (v5.01). The Mac version worked relatively well and the Windows Me version... well it was a Windows Me version. It did, however, let me learn how to use Pro Tools and allowed my university (which no longer exists, so I can admit our possible breach-of-user-agreement without fear) to put a copy on every computer in our lab giving all the prospective sound geeks continuous access to Pro Tools.

Pro Tools | First seems to take a similar approach (back then it was by Digidesign, before Avid bought and since re-coded the entirety of the software) but can be confident of their improved cross-platform performance. Also, it should give them a good opportunity to load-test their new cloud-based project storage system, which is a new feature of the version 12 family. If that became widely used before they iron all the bugs out, they'd only have to lose a couple of big projects before the flaming bags of poo started to fly.

In talking with several other Sound Designers at our Vancouver Sound Designers meetup over the weekend however, the prospect of the new pay-per-month licencing system unsurprisingly has a lot of people turned off; and in some cases downright livid. Discussions immediately turn to what systems current users are thinking of switching to.

While a monthly licence fee has been gaining ground in the professional media development world (See: Adobe Creative Cloud) and the costs can even be less in some cases for staying up-to-date, it's a daunting prospect for the independent / small-time designers that perhaps only upgrade every-other version or stay behind because, say, they spent $5000 on a digital console that still works perfectly fine but for some reason the new version decides to not support any longer (what do you mean that one sounds personal?)

Contenders around the bar table were Nuendo, Cubase, Logic and REAPER, that last one being new to me but apparently a choice pick (and also there was a brief ironic mention of Audition CC). Different users all seemed to argue the strengths of their favourite over the others, but the prime concerns in switching from Pro Tools generally seemed to be: Keeping your plugins, not having to get an additional hardware licence, and most importantly being able to preserve your workflow. That last one is a challenge because of course because everybody uses their DAW differently, from Old Habits That Die Hard to codependence on other external softwares (I personally can't imagine removing Sony's Sound Forge from my toolkit, I know and love it so well).

A lot of the early emotional reaction to this seems to be that someone else will come and take the lead among the defiant who don't want to be held to a monthly contract - but how many will cave and just add "software" to their monthly operating costs?

I found an old post on VancouverIsAwesome in my "saved links" that I don't remember coming across that was the below-source audio/video piece by Ezra Istiroti on the sounds of Vancouver. I won't offer any criticism on it, but it was an enjoyable piece that, if I were not living in Vancouver currently, would surely make me miss it.

9 mistakes you made in your youth that you thought weren't a big deal at a time and how they changed the course of your life

I found lav mics to be the best and worst things when shooting entertainment. I love them for close up sound, the versatile wireless set-and-forget functionality and dynamic range, but the few ways I knew worked for hiding them were sometimes problematic and usually awkward. Usually it involved some method of taping the mic to the inside of the actor's shirt (which you could usually see the tape from the outside) or right to the chest of the actor (I've ripped more chest hair off of strangers than a first-year esthetician). Then, of course, when working with performers of a female persuasion, I get all stammery and sweaty (not because of any problem on their part, they're always pros) but where else would the best place to hide a lav mic on a lady be, than... right... in.. front?

At any rate, once again No Film School has found me the expert tips that I could've used long ago in the guise of one IzzyVideo.

I look forward to having a better relationship with these little sound ninjas in the future! Thanks fellas!

No Film School shared a video created by the brains at Filmmaker IQ on The Fundamentals of Sound in Post Production. It does a good job of introducing the basic tools that sound editors and mixers use to work with production audio (it doesn't really go into any track-editing tricks, just mixing tools.)

At first I thought it was a little too basic because host John Hess does spend a lot of time on EQ (which of course, as the fundamental sound modifying tool, other than volume, I thought everybody already knows) but he does a great job of explaining what all the tools are, how they work and how they can be used. He covers EQ, Compression, Limiters, FFT and noise reduction and even some time-adjustment stuff like delay, chorus and reverb.

Billy The Kid is a long-suffering touring performer of which a great many wonderful and complimentary things have been said, particularly in the year or so since this podcast went up since her latest album has been released to much friendly acclaim and she has been performing all around Europe and North America with the likes of Chuck Ragan, Northcote and Billy Bragg when she's not hanging out with the likes of Ryan Adams and Frank Turner (stories within!)

Please enjoy the attached interview with Billy, and check out her latest record (referred to within) at billythekidonline.com!

Episode 2 is now up, with what is arguably (audience wise, certainly) the most successful creative project I've been involved in to date: TrueNuff TV!

Moze, James, Cranston and I reminisce about the genesis of the project PRE-YOUTUBE (yes, there was a time) and what going viral is like (or was like back in 2006 before CNN ever learned what the term meant.)

There's a lot of talk about learning by doing, learning by doing the wrong thing, and learning by going along with other people when they assume you know what you're doing. The key lesson here is doing, which is something that when left to my own devices I forget.

These guys, plus Brando & Rob from TrueNuff Comic (Episode 1) have been my closest collaborators and and strongest supporters (and harshest critics) for too long now to fathom. I would be happy knowing that I would get to continue working on fun projects with these guys, even if the final product never got seen by anyone.

New project! I'm now venturing into the podcast realm with a new series called "One Of Us" - a discussion with an in-group of people so you can get inside! That makes sense, right?

The first episode is with my longest-running creative endeavour of TrueNuff Comic, which just turned 12 (YEARS OLD!). As this was my first one, I'm learning the challenges of the mix and directing the conversation (animated discussion among friends turns into a lot of talking over each other) but I'm happy with how it turned out! I'm hoping to get a feed on iTunes soon and the new website www.oneofuspod.com is still updating but should be online in a day or two one the name records on the domain server update.

I had to laugh - the day after I decide to try talking more about what I'm doing to keep me going, I read a short article about a long-standing premise that people who talk about what they're doing are less likely to actually to the thing.

Am I worried this will hinder me? No. It seems like they're saying that it's a personality type that does one and the other, not that the sharing of your intentions makes you less likely to complete them.

The Wowchuk (Pudenda Magnifiosa) is one of the Northern American continent’s least-known mammals but is a creature worthy of greater study. It’s common name (The Na-nee) is a reference to its strong maternal characteristics. It is a small, friendly, social creature generally found in the North-Western region of the United States of America.

It ranges in height from five feet to five feet five inches and astonishingly is always perfectly weighted for its height. Many have remarked on its beautiful proportions, in particular its famed amply-sized chest. Contrary to popular belief this is not a device solely for attracting the male but rather one to house its large heart. Those that say that the Wowchuk has a bushy tail have clearly never been able to get close enough to stroke it for it is actually remarkably smooth and pleasant to the touch. The Wowchuk is a sensual animal and can be greatly pleasured by having its tail stimulated in this manner.

The Wowchuk is often mistaken for other animals which may explain why it’s appearance is often heralded with a cry of “Nice Beaver”. The Wowchuk Breeding season begins in January and lasts until December. It is perhaps this extended “active” period combined with its natural shyness that makes the Wowchuk such a fascinating creature to watch whilst mating. Many a scientist fantasises about being able to see the Wowchuk in action and video footage of this passes amongst the cognoscenti rapidly – the Internet is probably a good source of this sort of material.

Many humans have commented on how nice it might be to spend life as a Wowchuk. So where can one find the largest Wowchuk concentration at this time ? Well figures are notoriously hard to compile but the map below shows the believed location of the largest American Wowchuk warren. So if you want to find one of these wonderful, friendly, cuddly creatures – head here.

Last week more than 200 county commissioners and county staff from across the state came to Tallahassee to advocate for home-rule as part of FAC’s annual Legislative Day. While Legislative Day began as an opportunity for counties to come to Tallahassee during session to lobby on behalf of FAC priority issues it has grown into an almost week long event in which Commissioners not only have a chance to meet with their Legislative peers but they are also provided a chance to participate in multiple educational workshops.

The event officially kicked off on Wednesday night with a reception at the Leon County Courthouse where Commissioner of Agriculture Adam Putnam, and Florida House of Representative Minority Leader, Representative Mark Pafford, were featured speakers.

On Thursday Commissioners and staff attended a Legislative briefing where Sentator Jack Latvala, Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Jon Steverson and Department of Transportation Secretary Jim Boxold provided updates on legislative issues.

For updates on the Legislative issues covered last week click here or to view Lisa Hurley’s Legislative Power Point click here.

Three well-attend educational workshops where held in conjunction with the other events. Two core classes, Growth Management and Financial Management, were offered for commissioners seeking their Certified County Commissioner certification as well as the FAC’s Ethics class which allows commissioners and constitutional officers to meet their legislatively mandated ethics requirements.

FAC thanks all of our commissioners, speakers and sponsors for another successful event in Tallahassee.

We did it!! The voice of local communities has been heard with the defeat of Amendment 1. Voters have spoken and Ta… https://t.co/KWYaVKnDP8

Thursdays 7:15-8:15pm (June 29-Aug. 3). Flamenco technique class geared toward beginners who have completed a few months of previous flamenco study.

No special attire is necessary for this class. Tuition is $108 for the 6-class session, and missed classes may be made up in any other class on the schedule.

Makeups must be taken within the 6-week session. Tuition is non-refundable and non-transferable to another session, so please be sure that your schedule allows you to attend.

"Who is going to save our Church? Not our bishops, not our priests and religious. It is up to you, the people. You have the minds, the eyes, the ears to save the Church. Your mission is to see that your priests act like priests, your bishops, like bishops, and your religious act like religious." - Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen, 1972

How many times did the trash bag need to be passed around to pay for this trip for the Elect of the Inner Circle?

If that is Kiko and Carmen, then I'm going to Philadelphia and stop them from taking over the Popes visit, turning it into another Kiko extravaganza. Old guys bod.

Judging from the wrinkling, light-tone skin and SMALL feet, this must be Pius, if not Tony himself. Yes? Either way, Kalakas!

But Adolf Hitler had his Eagle's Nest at Berchtesgaden in the Bavarian Alps. Kiko has to have his Domus Galilee to complement his dear colleague Herr Adolf's megalomaniac outreach. Whatsamatter people? He needs to celebrate the loyalty of his Inner Circle in the Dead Sea. We just wish they stay there, frolicking amid the Dead Sea mud rather than leech off our efforts to build up real priests.

The spin from this will be..What is the problem here? Everyone knows that swimming is therapeutic. Is this actually the Dead Sea or a swim somewhere at a private beach up North?

I really hope statement by 1:21 PM is meant as a facetious remark. Otherwise I suggest you develop empathy - have you ever experienced that utter hopelessness when you receive multiple essential bills that clamor for the same deadline? Many are in that situation, and it is not a joke. If your money is not important to you, well and good. Share it - that is how God provides - people with discretionary income or just sufficient, to help those in need. The whole issue is a matter of good stewardship, and our local church leadership is squandering the donations of well-meaninged faithful, who themselves do not have enough but gracious to the urgings of the Church. The greater sin here is the wanton disregard of the archbishop to answer questions regarding money matters that are not his to give away in the first place.

Tim, IDK! The way the woman is sitting SEEMS to be an invitation. This is MY OWN interpretation from a woman's point of view.

If this picture is of the archbishop it needs to come down right away. i enjoy reading your blog, but the thought of him swimming in a beach with a woman much less his catechist is disturbing. this almost makes me want to vomit. we all know that scripture teaches us to eat with the beggars, care for the prisoners and so on. i'm sure it doesnt say that the archbishop should chase a woman in the waters. really disturbing really really really

Take it easy, 5:11. If this is apuron, then they must be gossiping, talking about shopping, having nails done, boys, etc. Nothing sexual, impossible for him, wrong gender.

Hahahaha! Thanks for the laugh! A smile before I turn in for the night. Can't wait to see and hear what tomorrow might bring! JUNGLE RULZ ;)

Very interesting certain priest known in the islands purchased a three bedroom apartment near the Santa Anna gate for a million Usd.

Do you see how the Neo's really are? Everyone look. Remember this. This is Adrian by the way, a priest.

You just don't understand the community and its Presbyter, Tim. It's family. Why aren't you ok with that? It's your problem.

At 6:19 AM you talk about your community as family but you fail to mentioned the nuclear families that have been torn apart by your cult because other family members refuse to join. You're nothing but a bunch of fools who think salvation is through Kiko's teachings. And you dare call yourselves Catholic?

@12:35PM, AMEN TO THAT! Try going as a solo non-negotiable member and it is diffiCULT. When NCW family members just sweep the problems under the rug and say, "THE LORD WILL TAKE CARE OF IT" is baloney. I learned that the Lord takes care of those who help themselves. Many think that joining the NCW will solve their problems. The NCW is nothing more than a bouncing board. A confession of sins; confession of private family matters; a confession of someone else's business and the list goes on.

Note. My comment at 545am where is say "this is Adrian" is a reference to Adrian's comment at 135am where he threatens to show pictures of my daughters and not a reference to the man in the photo which is Apuron. I find it funny that Adrian says my daughters are worse when I said nothing bad about the photo. So obviously he believes Apuron is doing something bad since he says my daughters are worse. Of course I have no fear of his threat. He's a sissy and a bully. Poor pathetic man...if he can even be called a man.

Isn't it interesting that the contrast in the reactions between Anonymous (May 22, 2015 at 1:35 AM) — identified by Tim as Fr. Adrian — who wrote “Tim you really want to be like this? Your daughters are worse. I'll get a picture too.” and the one by Anonymous (May 22, 2015 at 6:19 AM) who wrote “You just don't understand the community and its Presbyter, Tim. It's family. Why aren't you ok with that? It's your problem.” demonstrates two very different mindsets within the NCW?

On one hand 6:19AM Anonymous claims that there’s nothing wrong with what the photo displays whereas 1:35AM Anonymous/Adrian tells Tim “Your daughters are worse” which implies that something is WRONG with the photo.

Is it 1:35AM Anonymous/Adrian who says Tim’s daughters are “worse” than AAA who is depicted in the photo as doing something inappropriate?

Is it 6:19AM Anonymous who says this photo presents the “normal” interaction between a presbyter and a member of his community?

These two opposing reactions to the same photo might explain why "The Diana" can't seem to provide straightforward responses to questions posed on That Other Blog.

Getting Catechized, alright. By his tongue hanging out like a dog, looks like he's lapping up everything the tall woman is dishing out. Yuck.

@1:35, how would you know how bad Tim's daughters are, or is it another way to take the focus away from the actual photo. Told you, dem NEO-heads are so immature. Freakin grow up since you can't man up. That's how you've been playing in the jungle.....DIRTY to hide the truth that shows up here.

Archie does not give homilies. Well known fact he takes homilies from the Internet . Never have substance because he has no substance. If only Archbishop Flores was here he could speak with character and knowledge. Apuron is nothing compared to Archbishop Flores . We respected Archbishop Flores. Homilies are pathetic and Rome is aware of the shit he produces and expects us to listen. Man is a complete fool.

A thief does not give money to anyone on a birthday. A thief will claim to give on his birthday but never will. Seen this before with him. A big show!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not to worry Vatican knows his evil ways.

Archie's homilies? What homilies? Joke. Not one minute prep. What do Kikobots think of this SERIOUS PROBLEM. guess they admire it. Ship of fools.

You don't like my homilies? Then walk out. Omg, Tony! So pathetic. Hope not true you actually said this. Did you?

Should this photo be a priest of the Agana Archdiocese then it raises serious questions about his moral capacity to lead. This photo has no dignity or respect for self or others. If it is the kind of priest Guam is turning out than the catholic church on Guam has fallen to all time low in its moral standing.

I was referring to the comment made on May 22 at 135am where Adrian says he has pictures of my daughters.

Archie's birthday occasion for big fundraiser. No money. Only money will be for hotel. Are they kidding? What???? Not very clever. Just put five more guys into chute for ordination in couple of years. Presto presbyters. Brainiacs.

9:53 AM - what victims? There are no victims for apuron, they are necessary means to achieve his ends. What might be violations or scandal in our eyes are merely roadkill in his mad scheme.

Yet we allow ourselves to be "collateral damage" in apuron's maniacal reign. What will it take, people, what will it take to stand up together against this false leader?

Tony collecting money from wealthy individuals. Asking for donations for an important missiion. I don't think this is related to his November 70th. He is wanting immediate cash flow of $100,000. So cashee cashee prepare the envelope now.

Although there will be an ongoing need for cold runner molds, the advantages of using hot runner systems are so great that they will increasingly be the runner technology of choice for moulds used in moulding thermoplastics. The key advantages are:

With materials becoming more sophisticated and expensive, the cold runner becomes, in turn, expensive scrap. Whether or not the runner can be reused - and in many medical and food applications they can't - regrinding and storing the runners is costly, noisy and dusty. In high-speed, high-cavitation moulding operations, the scrap and regrind would be huge problems. When using hot runners, these regrind problems and their associated costs are non-existent.

In many cases, the weight of the cold runner is up to half the total shot weight and usually much thicker in section than the moulded part wall thickness. Doing away with the cold runner will reduce the cycle time since cooling time is controlled by the thickest section. In addition, there will be further cycle time savings in the injection screw recovery and injection times because of the smaller shot size.

Hot runner molds are generally easier to start because there aren't any solidified runners to be removed after each under-filled shot until a full mould shot is achieved and automatic cycling can begin. In hot runner systems, the mould is ready to run when the system reaches operating temperature. Also, with hot runner systems, lower injection pressures can generally be used, which will reduce mold and platen deflection and keep flash caused by mold component movement to a minimum.

Eliminating the cold runner will give better filling and packing conditions. When plastic is flowing through the cold runner, it loses heat to the mould plates - causing pressure drops that can result in sink marks and under-filled parts. Hot runner systems, on the other hand, maintain a balanced melt flow at a constant temperature from the machine nozzle all the way to the gate to fully fill and pack the cavities. Hot runners, therefore, help moulders take full advantage of highly accurate and interchangeable cavities to achieve plastic part dimensional accuracy and quality. Should a cavity get damaged or be out of specification for whatever reason, it is very easy to reduce the heat to its hot runner nozzle and stop the cavity from producing faulty parts.

An ever-increasing number of companies are automating their plastics molding and assembly. This, in turn, is driving the need for very accurate, flash-free plastic parts. Hot runner moulds have a definite advantage when used with automation because, in addition to part dimensional consistency, there are no runners present to get tangled in the mould mechanisms, robots, conveyors, assembly machinery, etc.

A major hot runner advantage of which very little is written is the ability to locate the gate at a wide variety of points on the part. With the use of hot tip gating, valve gating or edge gating, hot runners allow the gate to be placed at the most favorable location for optimum filling and/or part aesthetics. This flexibility that hot runners give the part design also extends to the mould, where flexibility in gate location can help optimize cavity orientation, cooling, and mould simplification.

The flow advantage that hot runners have is that the melt channels are in separate, externally heated manifolds, which are insulated from the surrounding mould plates. Different to a cold runner plate, the hot manifold can be designed to have flow channels on multiple levels to ensure that the resin flows the same length from the moulding machine nozzle to each cavity with the same channel profiles and diameters, a number of turns, heat soak and pressure loss (see Figure 1). In other words, the plastic reaches each cavity - whether there are two or 96 - with the same pressure and thermal history. This designed-in temperature and pressure control are particularly favorable for resins that have narrow processing windows.

The classic game Mahjongg gets the Ikoncity treatment in this exciting puzzle game. In this version of the game you are up against a time limit which slowly runs down.Match2 identical tiles and a small amount of time will be added back to the timer. The catch to the game is that you can only select a tile when: at least one of the long sides is free and there isn?t another tile on top of it. Continue playing until all the tiles are removed. Complete a main level and it?s off to the bonus round to see if you can match all the tiles and beat the timer. Beating the clock will award you with more bonus points. Use the mouse to control all aspects of the game.	

The classic game Mahjongg gets the Ikoncity treatment in this exciting puzzle game. In this version of the game you are up against a time limit which slowly runs down.Match2 identical tiles and a small amount of time will be added back to the timer. The catch to the game is that you can only select a tile when: at least one of the long sides is free and there isn?t another tile on top of it. Continue playing until all the tiles are removed. Complete a main level and it?s off to the bonus round to see if you can match all the tiles and beat the timer. Beating the clock will award you with more bonus points. Use the mouse to control all aspects of the game.

All game files on Flash-Game.net are copyrighted or trademarked by their respective owners or authors.

Blue Shift is a shooting game on www.flash-game.net in which you try to evade enemy attacks and attack the enemies. An oil rig near the North Pole has been attacked by an unknown enemy, Radar has detected numerous unregistered flights in the area; be careful, they could be hostile. You are an elite soldier in the game. Once the game starts, you can use the arrow keys to control the fighter. You can use the A key to fire and D key for avoiding being shot. Make use of D keys to switch weapons. Press F key to discharge EMP. If you kill some enemies, there may be level-up appearing in the screen. Once you are attacked too much, the game is over. Do you want to be a hero? Play now.	

Blue Shift is a shooting game on www.flash-game.net in which you try to evade enemy attacks and attack the enemies. An oil rig near the North Pole has been attacked by an unknown enemy, Radar has detected numerous unregistered flights in the area; be careful, they could be hostile. You are an elite soldier in the game. Once the game starts, you can use the arrow keys to control the fighter. You can use the A key to fire and D key for avoiding being shot. Make use of D keys to switch weapons. Press F key to discharge EMP. If you kill some enemies, there may be level-up appearing in the screen. Once you are attacked too much, the game is over. Do you want to be a hero? Play now.

As a well-known shooting game on www.flash-game.net, Defend Your Nuts 2 will delight you to great extent. Click and hold to release your weapons, upgrade your weapons for extra powers after each day’s battle, and hover over coins and ammo to pick them up! New enemies will emerge in every day. After each day’s battle, you can achieve a bonus bag with different surprises. Good luck!	

As a well-known shooting game on www.flash-game.net, Defend Your Nuts 2 will delight you to great extent. Click and hold to release your weapons, upgrade your weapons for extra powers after each day’s battle, and hover over coins and ammo to pick them up! New enemies will emerge in every day. After each day’s battle, you can achieve a bonus bag with different surprises. Good luck!

Architectonic and sculptural - Pulleyn's ceramic vessels feature energetic surfaces accentuated by imprinting, incising and staining.

I love seeing little children drawing super hero!!! They are done by a 4 years old and thats all he will draw every morning during summer camp. I have at least 10 of the same drawing everywhere in the studio!

To receive these deals daily, sign up for our **FREE** e-mail newsletter or subscribe via RSS. If you'd like a printable copy of this post, please see the link below. Thanks for visiting!

Cars cannot be trusted to stay at home alone while their families are on vacation, lest they invite raccoons in the garage or throw a crude-oil kegger. Ensure your auto isn't unsupervised with today's Groupon to Payless Parking. Choose from the following options:

For $15, you get up to 4 days of parking with transportation to and from Philadelphia International Airport (a $31 value).

For $25, you get up to 7 days of parking with transportation to and from Philadelphia International Airport (a $54.25 value).

For $35, you get up to 10 days of parking with transportation to and from Philadelphia International Airport (a $77.50 value).

Payless Parking's staff ferries travelers to and from the airport in a fleet of swift shuttles and cares for the cars they leave behind. When cars tire of staring lovingly at framed photos of their owners, they can entertain themselves with other diversions, such as a refreshing hand wash, rejuvenating tire rotation, or a spritzing of tractor-attracting scents. Invigorating oil changes revitalize autos with up to five quarts of conventional oil and a complimentary new filter for most makes and models. Although this deal does not include car services while parked in the lot, the excess value of the Groupon may be applied toward the company's variety of cleansing and repair treatments. Payless Parking recommends arriving at its check-in counter 20 minutes before your desired airport arrival time or seconds before your scheduled romantic-movie run through the airport, and it ensures pickup shuttles will dispatch to take you to the airport within 10 minutes of your arrival confirmation call.

Limit 2 per person, may buy 2 additional as gifts. Limit 1 per visit. Valid only for option purchased.

Broadcast communications; Boston's media broadcasters; directories give current listings of stations for radio and tv

The Freedom of Information Act obliges General Practice to respond to requests for information held by them. The rights of the public to access this information are subject to some exemptions which have to be taken into consideration before deciding what information can be released. Under GDPR patients are also entitled to access their clinical records please contact the practice for further information.

The majority of information is free of charge. In some cases there will be charges made to cover the cost of copying, printing, postage and administrative costs. The current rate of photocopying and or/printing is 30 pence per sheet and the administrative charge is set at £10.00. These charges will be reviewed regularly. Subject Access Requests under GDPR are free of charge.

Requests for multiple printouts or for archived copies of documents which are no longer accessible or available electronically may attract a charge for retrieval, photocopying etc. We will inform you of any charges in advance.

The Practice will record all Freedom of Information requests and our responses and we will monitor our performance in handling requests.

All requests for information must be responded to within 20 working days. Requests must be made in writing and must include the name and address for the correspondence and a clear description of the information required. Requests for information should be made to Miss J Sharpe, Practice Manager, One Life Hartlepool, Park Road, Hartlepool TS24 PW.

The practice is not obliged to comply with vexatious requests or repeated or substantially similar requests from the same person other than at reasonable intervals.

There is a range of information covering personal data, security, formulation of government policy, commercial and individual confidentiality. A further absolute exemption is where information is accessible by other means or if the information has been provided in confidence. Other exemptions include information relating to commercial interests and audit functions.

Information available from Chadwick Practice providing medical services under contract to the NHS under the Freedom of Information Act model publication scheme

Information covered by this scheme is only about the primary, general or personal medical services we provide under contract to the National Health Service.

Opening hours Monday – Friday 8.00 am – 6.00 pmEarly morning and Saturday morning appointments available on request

Total cost to the CCG/PUBLIC HEALTH/NHS ENGLAND of our contracted services. Available on request from Practice Manager SEE ABOVE

Records of decisions made in the practice affecting the provision of NHS services Available on request from Practice Manager SEE ABOVE

Policies and procedures about the employment of staff Available on request from Practice Manager SEE ABOVE

Internal instructions to staff and policies relating to the delivery of services Available on request from Practice Manager SEE ABOVE

Complaints procedures (including those covering requests for information and operating the publication scheme) Available on request from Practice Manager SEE ABOVE

Class 7 – The services we offer(Information about the services we offer, including leaflets, guidance and newsletters produced for the public)

Our links are not meant to offer an exhaustive picture of all that is happening, nor do they, before being posted, pass through an ideological evaluation. They are a momentary and changing picture of the many ways that autonomies are being created, ways with which we have affinity. They are not the last word, but moments of a process, which we wish in turn to share with others.

If you require any more information or have any questions about our site’s disclaimer, please feel free to contact us by our contact form here.

All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. http://www.buletinislami.com does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website (http://www.buletinislami.com), is strictly at your own risk. http://www.buletinislami.com will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website.

From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link which may have gone ‘bad’.

Please be also aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their “Terms of Service” before engaging in any business or uploading any information.

Great photo; I don't know if there are other international members, men or women. Thanks for joining the forum and hopefully more people will sign on.

Wrong Dina... It's another woman already registered... I don't know what she's riding because on her registration she stated that she was born in 1908. At this age, it must be a red wheelchair.....

I met Didou on French forums, and this summer I went to meet her in person when I was traveling in Belgium.

Funny girl. Too bad that she too far away otherwise she would crack you up at every stop during bike rides (Yea we have a similar woman too).

So, it's gone be very difficult in English for me, but I try okey ? so sorry if you don't understand me !!

Well, I've gone and done it....I've become an airhead. The amount of money it would have cost to ship the CS out here, safety inspection, and then ship back home when I'm done here, was a lot. So, why not find a bike out here because watching everyone else ride is driving me bananas.

I dropped by to say hi to Dave at http://www.anderwerks.com/ and he introduced me to R65. Long story short, after paying for a pre-purchase inspection, we both said 'I do' and now we belong to each other. I would like to introduce to you my 1979 R65 with slightly over 16k on the odometer:

Headlight protector and fork gaiters on order. I'm hoping to pick up the 65 before the end of Aug. Fingers crossed.

I've ordered fork gaiters and a headlight protector which I've been told could take 7-10 days to deliver. Fingers are crossed that I can pick up the 65 in Calgary in two weeks and ride it back to Cold Lake. I've started looking for a windscreen. Lots of choices, especially windscreens that attach to the handle bars. And I've read that some 65 owners are using Givi A-750 windscreen/fairing that are mounted to the sides of the headlight: http://www.itlcanada.com/2008/style10_page.php?langue=en&page=357

The R and I had a wonderful trip from Calgary up towards Edmonton on highway 21. It was a sunny morning, a bit on the cool side but no matter, I was dressed for it. So glad to be on the road and very grateful that I have the opportunity to ride a motorbike, regardless of make and model.

Latitude and Longitude To calculate the prayer times for a given location, we need to know the latitude and the longitude of your current city or town, along with the local timezone for that location.

These encounters are full of tenderness, happiness and simplicity. Anyway, thanks to Gleeden, I feel happier and I bite the apple wholeheartedly! First, I’ve lived a beautiful story with someone that ended up a few months later.

The difference between Standard and Hanafi (Juristic Methods) The only difference is in the Asr prayer.

In the standard method (which is used by Imamas Shafii, Hanbali, and Maliki) the Asr prayer time starts when the shadow of an object is equivalent to its height, whereas in the Hanafi method the Asr prayer time starts when the shadow of an object is twice its height.

Now, I understand much more the masculine vision on relationships and couple crisis in general: they are inevitable and necessary." "I’ve been on Gleeden for quite a while now and I’ve never been disappointed. Okay, I’m a cheater, I’m kinda naughty, I cheat on my wife, but I’m having a blast and I’m happy!!

Find Women In Your Postcode Looking For Sex. Join Free and Browse 1000s of Profiles. Sex does not have to be complicated. Blashaval

Hello Gentlemen! My name is Eleanor. I do independent escort services for Gentlemen and couples. I have happy (...) Blashaval

I'm Jordan , I'm Upscale Companionship at it's finest. I'm Enchanting, Sophisticated & I provide more than just an "Experience". I'm your new Naughty Playmate and I Know exactly what a man needs (...) Blashaval

Girish Karnad says that he should be allowed to say that "I wish India gets divided into bits". He says it's "freedom of expression" & not a crime unless & until he turns violent.

Where are these advocates of "freedom of expression" when NSA is invoked on a man for issuing statement that Mo may have been the 1st homo. Or when a lady journo in Mumbai went into hiding because her Urdu newspaper reproduced Charlie hebedo cartoons. And other sickular incidents from sickular citadels like WB & Kerala.

These sickulars come out like frogs do during rains. And I used to like their works as artists (or whatever they are). Swara Bhaskar of Tanu weds Manu is another one.

Reality is they don't like the current establishment & 1 men in particular. Most people know this but modi should speak-up too. If an student commits suicide in a hyderabad Univ, he is responsible (where trs is in power). If a student is arrested in a Delhi univ, he is responsible (because Delhi police is under centre). The reasons & story behind those incidents is forgotten. And the focus is to prove that "this happened because of him".

Modi should issue a statement letting general public know this & ask them to beware of the sickular desings. His voters did not vote for him to maintain a "dignified silence like a king".

IMPORTANT NOTICE: No media files are hosted on these forums. By clicking the link below you agree to view content from an external website. We can not be held responsible for the suitability or legality of this material. If the video does not play, wait a minute or try again later.

DbVisualizer is the universal database tool, and database management software for developers and database administrators. It is the perfect solution since the same tool can be used on all major operating systems accessing a wide range of databases. It helps you with both the development and maintenance of your databases. Download DBVisualizer Overview Product...

JProfiler is an award-winning all-in-one Java profiler. JProfiler’s intuitive GUI helps you find performance bottlenecks, pin down memory leaks and resolve threading issues. Download JProfiler Key Features Key Features Live profiling of a local session Once you define how your application is started, JProfiler is the perfect Java Profiler to profile it and you...

AQtime is a performance profiling and memory/resource debugging toolset. AQtime is built with one key objective — to help you completely understand how your programs perform during execution. Download AQTime Overview Product Overview AQtime is an industrial-level profiling/debugging workbench, built for day-in, day-out, easy, productive tuning of your...

TestComplete offers automated testing tools that let you create, manage and run tests for any Desktop, Web or Mobile Client software. It makes it easy for anyone to create automated tests. Automated tests run faster, increase test coverage and lower costs. Download TestComplete Overview Product Overview TestComplete Platform acts as a backbone for...

Forcheck is the oldest and most comprehensive Fortran analysis tool on the market. It performs a static analysis of a Fortran program or separate Fortran program units. Forcheck detects more anomalies in your program than most compilers do. Because it locates bugs as early in the development phase as possible, it saves you time and annoyance and helps you to produce...

PureLoad is load testing tools that dynamically simulate thousands of users executing requests against server based applications. Use PureLoad to verify performance and stability of your server applications and telecom services. Download PureLoad Overview Product Overview PureLoad is a hardware and OS independent load testing tool for internet applications. No...

Directory of tools related to software testing covering testing of java and web applications, performance testing, server testing, execution and more.

Directory of tools related to software development covering programming, testing, configuration management, databases, and project management.

Codework-solutions provides C/C++, Java & .Net software/QA engineers with “Best of Class” development and testing tools. The areas we specialize in are: Application and Web Stress / Load Testing, Code Profiling, Memory Leak Detection, Code Understanding, Dongle security, Source Code Documentation, Test Coverage Measurement, Performance Improvement and etc.

IGNOU Openmat Admit Card 2014 Download www.ignou.ac.in Exam Hall Ticket : 1. IGNOU is going to conduct OPENMAT exam on 02nd February, 2014. All the candidates who are going to apply for it must download admit card 2014 / hall ticket 2014 to appear for exam. For admissions to Management Programmes (MP), Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) is going to conduct this OPENMAT entrance exam.

4. You can download the admit card directly. Here you have to enter your Name and Date of Birth and then enter 9 digit Enrollment number if required. After downloading the admit card candidates are requested to take the print out of it Keep it safe.

5. Hall Ticket is an essential document to bring with you while appearing for examination. So bring your admit card with you and keep it safe for future reference too.

7. Candidates join us on Facebook for latest news and updates about recruitment, results, answer key, admit card. Guys subscribe us for free email alerts and bookmark our page for future reference.

What was the name of the song when the samurais entered the city and all those people were freaking out? That was some powerful piece of music. It also played during the beggining of the final credits. Please help

Valley Recovery Middle Our rehab center near Mccurtain OKINGAS treats the widest range of psychological and dependency problems with bespoke care plans, in fully personal and opulent environment....

Brian Hughes is the VP of Hughes Environmental Engineering, Inc. He talked to Lincoln about the challenges in the HVAC field and how Lincoln helps tackle those challenges.

Cutty's hosting gathering Friday to remember Mel Garrett, who was struck while riding his bike this week1 comment

Charlotte County's GIS creates and maintains spatial information to aid in the creation of maps and data analysis to support county departments and their customers.

A large amount of data is being transmitted during the use of this site. Loading time will vary depending on your connection speed.

Under Florida Law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.

By creating an account at Denise Disharoon Designs - wearable works of art. you will be able to shop faster, be up to date on an orders status, and keep track of the orders you have previously made.

We offer very low prices on cartridges for your HP and from a name you can trust - inkandstuff has been online since 1999.

Our cheap Lexmark X 85 compatible ink cartridges are the best available replacements for your Lexmark printer guaranteed or you can have your money back! Whilst our low cost alternative to Lexmark ink is cheaper than originals, we assure you that the print quality is second to none.

Our cheap HP Photosmart 2578 compatible ink cartridges are the best available replacements for your HP printer guaranteed or you can have your money back! Whilst our low cost alternative to HP ink is cheaper than originals, we assure you that the print quality is second to none.

R&G Aero Bobbins are a stylish, aerodynamic, teardrop shaped bobbin improving on the original good looks of our highly successful and popular standard round bobbins. Fitted with a removable end cap which hides the bobbins fittings, this sleek new design looks superb and is a winner on road and track!

R&G Aero Bobbins from R&G Racing - the market leaders in crash protection and the only insurance approved crash protectors on the market. As used by some of the worlds top race teams, what better endorsement do you need! R&G Racing – innovation not imitation!

The Ermax HP Flip screen (High protection) is ideal for the taller rider or those wanting the best possible protection.

The HP Flip screens are manufactured & finished to the highest standards as you would expect from any Ermax product

Ermax HP Flip screens are designed for touring and provide better wind deflection than standard screens. The Ermax HP Flip screens re-direct the flow of air up and over the bike, cutting down the windblast that riders can suffer.

The dropdown menus below allow you to filter your current search results, allowing you to narrow your search by manufacturer, price range, and even product rating

Denver Skin Clinic and OFFICITE, LLC expressly disclaims all warranties and responsibilities of any kind, whether express or implied, for the accuracy or reliability of the content of any information contained in this Web Site, and for the suitability, results, effectiveness or fitness for any particular purpose of the services, procedures, advice or treatments referred to herein, such content and suitability, etc., being the sole responsibility of parties other than Denver Skin Clinic and OFFICITE, LLC, and the reliance upon or use of same by you is at your own independent discretion and risk.

Summary: Searching for infor on drug selling ring leader Leaguer gets found out. Luckily Yakumo, a call boy who was present at the time, helps him. Hoping to get more info Leauger wants to get close to Yakumo, but things are never as innocent as they seem.

Also worth pointing out that basing itself on the Augmented Flex thing, which popped up briefly in the Dig Down vid way back when and fans latched onto it thinking it meant something even though it hasn’t appeared since, isn’t unlikely to be something a fan would do. Also am I making up a memory or did someone ask the band about that at some point and they said it didn’t really mean anything? Maybe Matt on Twitter.

Anyway, that plus the fact that the 60 day countdown just leads to November 9th, which we already know is the release, as opposed to a different date for an unknown tour/gig/song announcement or something and that the video claims we’ve ‘unlocked’ something when we haven’t got anything - I’m calling bull until something more substantial happens.

No, this name got nothing to do with the account, read it again. this account follows this algoritm - account and happens to be someone I follow as well that's why she got mentioned there! It is a real account, socks&iPhone. I took a screenshot and didn't think about everything then

Anyway, it is kinda funny. Some people interpret stuff in this ........... Too old for this as well haha

One of the things that also made me think it could be an actual Muse instrumental was the percussion part, which definitely sounds like it could have come from this: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJF5m2djAxq/?taken-by=muse

Just listened to the interview (finally someone uploaded it on youtube, thx) and it sounds similar but with synth instead if instruments. It also reminds me of D'Angelo -style, so late 90's soul/r&b. Muse have this list on Spotify and there is "Brown sugar" by D'Angelo - I think Matt chose the song - so it could be a Muse-song, maybe an instrumental? Could be cool, maybe the song they worked on with Zane, remixed by .... insert the name, I forgot it, they mentioned him, a DJ I think..

I am really looking forward to this album. I like Muse's poppy side as much as their rocky side , so this one sounds good so far. Particularly like The Dark Side, reminds me a bit of Easily, mixed with old 80's videogame music.

A bit, yes. One thing I've noticed about the new songs, instead, is that Matt's vocals sound a bit rawer and more "human" (no pun intended) despite the new sound, and I think it's great.

What songs do you want to there to be on the next live album? Man With A Harmonica Songs & Releases 14 13-07-2016 06:51 PM

28mm Chinese Miniature Wargaming Laser Cut MDF Buildings and Accessories suitable for any era of war in China and Asia.

Any eight buildings including any unlocked through the stretch goals. You can request multiples of the same building. Cart Pack, Accessories Pack, Pagoda and Sampans do not count as a building.

Any single building including any unlocked through the stretch goals. Cart Pack, Accessories Pack, Pagoda and Sampans do not count as a building.

Any two buildings including any unlocked through the stretch goals. You can request multiples of the same building. Cart Pack, Accessories Pack, Pagoda and Sampans do not count as a building.

Any four buildings including any unlocked through the stretch goals. You can request multiples of the same building. Cart Pack, Accessories Pack, Pagoda and Sampans do not count as a building.

Professional and Amateur Boatbuilders and Boatbuilding Projects : the Boat Design and Boatbuilding Directory

Italian builder of sleek high-power super cruisers and performance yachts blend speed and comfort. (Added: 29-Jan-2000 Hits: 1799) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Tecnomar

Finished Runabouts, Launches, Skiffs, Tenders and Canoes. (Added: 6-Oct-2001 Hits: 2518) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit TenderCraft Boats

Building traditional, wooden Lunenburg Dories since 1917. Made to order. Please view our website to see our extensive range of choices. (Added: 19-Feb-2001 Hits: 3053) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The Dory Shop

Builders of fine wooden boats. Boatbuilding school. Builders of Redwing, San Juan Dory, Yankee Tender, Catboats, and Peapods. (Added: 7-Sep-2000 Hits: 3064) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The Little Boat Shop

The Resort Boat Shop is a wood boat builder in Coeur d’Alene with 150 years of combined craftsman’s experience in boat manufacturing. Our expert team builds gorgeous Coeur d’Alene wood boat tenders, sailboats, custom wooden boats, luxury runabouts; yachts etc. The Resort Boat Shop has established a reputation for excellence in the building, repair, and maintenance of all types of watercraft. We’re proud to offer the region’s most complete array of high quality wooden boat work, boat mechanical repairs and fiberglass boat services. (Added: 18-May-2016 Hits: 456) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The Resort Boat Shop

Fine wooden boat construction, restoration, repairs, storage and chartering in Camden, Maine. (Added: 3-Feb-2000 Hits: 2091) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The Wooden Boat Company

Builders and restorers of the finest wooden boats in the world. Follow progress on current projects on our website. (Added: 31-Mar-2008 Hits: 1279) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The Wooden Runabout Co.

A family run business specializing in highly customized, one of a kind yachts. Without the restriction of a permanent mold, Tiffany can build any size yacht from 30’ to 80’. (Added: 28-Sep-2000 Hits: 2712) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Tiffany Yachts

Manufacturers and designers of Cobra boats. Rotorua New Zealand. (Added: 1-Jan-2006 Hits: 1257) My Links | Rate | Cached | Archive

Specializes in hand-crafted replicas of historical wooden boats. (Added: 5-Jan-2001 Hits: 1943) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Traditional Boatworks

Canadian Canoes and small boats in plywood and cedar strip. (Added: 2-Apr-2001 Hits: 1788) My Links | Rate | Cached | Archive

Swiss quality workmanship. Small owner-operated custom boatbuilding shop. BC Canada. (Added: 3-Oct-2002 Hits: 1856) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Ulrich Briner Boatbuilder

European boatbuilders settled in India. Specialised in wood/epoxy customised yachts. International quality for Asian prices. (Added: 20-Feb-2001 Hits: 2095) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Ultramarine Boatbuillders

Builder of small wooden boats, including Kayaks and Canoes. Restoration of classic boats, custom woodworking and wooden boat repairs. projects. Located in New York's Scenic Hudson Valley in Putnam Valley. (Added: 8-Oct-2003 Hits: 1278) My Links | Rate | Cached | Archive

Custom wood boats have been our specialty since 1977. We have the capacity to build up to 100 ft. and have completed custom projects ranging from a 22 ft. high-speed runabout to a 55 ft. sailboat. Our mission is to build quality boats, regardless of size. (Added: 17-May-2002 Hits: 17018) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Van Dam Wood Craft

Auckland based company established in 1991, by Warren Vaudrey and Simon Miller. The initial focus was the custom building of smaller one-off yachts both Sail and Motor. In more recent years, emphasis has shifted towards larger export orientated yachts with high standards of fitout and finish. (Added: 8-Jul-2002 Hits: 1653) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Vaudrey Miller yachts NZ Ltd.

VMI is a virtual shipyard for the design, development, and manufacture of composite vessels up to 70 meters in length. Our computer-based systems allow us to take customer concepts, develop threedimensional CAD drawings or models and convert these models directly into limited or full production molds. (Added: 10-Jun-2004 Hits: 1738) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Vectorworks Marine, Inc.

VeeCraft Marine specializes in the construction of commercial craft in steel and aluminium. Veecraft Marine has over 20 years experience in boat building and marine engineering. (Added: 18-Feb-2004 Hits: 1590) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit VeeCraft Marine

The Venture 34 is a semi-custom boat built in Mangonia Park, Florida, just north of West Palm Beach. The awesome Venture 34 is the pride of company president Roger McCaslin. (Added: 13-Jul-2000 Hits: 2051) My Links | Rate | Cached | Archive

Wooden boat building, repair and training in Quebec. (Added: 26-Feb-2000 Hits: 1499) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Vexcel Yachting

VK Yacht designs and builds the VK series of Aluminum performance sailing yachts. (Added: 29-Feb-2012 Hits: 1900) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit VK Yacht

We design and build sailing and motor yachts in steel, aluminum and wood. We work with classic and modern forms of cruisers, racers and mega yachts. (Added: 29-Dec-2006 Hits: 1130) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit VK Yacht Designers and Builders

120 Years, now in the 4th Generation, Wadia Boat Builders design and manufacture custom yachts, boats, and launches from 2.5 to 50 meters. Wooden, fiberglass, steel, aluminum, and composite. India. (Added: 5-Jul-2004 Hits: 1989) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Wadia Boat Builders

Innovative designers of multi-purpose workboats for environmental clean up duties including removal of marine debris, invasive weeds, etc. (Added: 3-Sep-2003 Hits: 1453) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Waterwitch Workboats

“You guys were disparaging, a little bit, Aquaman. I don’t want to give anything away about the movie or anything like that, but Aquaman has some cool abilities.”

“Not only is it the first time that I’m seeing them, it’s the first time they’ve ever existed together on screen in a movie. And that’s kind of a huge deal.”

Hunter (left) may be an impotant part of the Bruce Wayne backstory – it’s exciting that Snyder and co may be going into the Batman mythology in ways that have rarely been explored before. Hopefully.

Hey there, welcome to the website of Following The Nerd. Here you can stay up to date on all the latest news, reviews, articles & information across all mediums from games to action figures. We've got it covered!

Well, the world is upside down and now the followtheFIESTA project has broken down and started a Twitter account! So you can now visit that site: http://twitter.com/followthefiesta Of course, if you just arrived at this site via Twitter...well you can go back there so you can click the http://www.followthefiesta.com/ to arrive back at this page. Hmmm...sounds like you can't get enough of the followtheFIESTA project! And welcome those of you from Facebook too!

Germany has said a firm "nein" to Greece's request for $11 billion (£7 billion) of Second World War reparations, calling the new government's claims "baseless".

The German foreign ministry and Ministry of Finance said there is "no new position" to discuss on the case, which it believes was closed by previous treaties.

To the federal government, the question of compensation for Nazi injustice and atrocities is "finally settled", according to Bild newspaper.

Greece's Syriza-headed government is demanding compensation for the Axis occupation, when tens of thousands of people were killed or died of starvation, as well as the repayment of a forced loan from Athens in 1942.

But Germany's Vice Chancellor claimed there is no chance of paying Greece the money because a treaty signed 25 years ago had wrapped up all such claims.

Greece's left-wing Prime Minister, Alexis Tsipras, used his first major speech to parliament on Sunday to vow to seek war reparations from Berlin, as well as setting out plans to dismantle Greece's austerity programme and ruling out any extension of its €240 billion international bailout.

Many Greeks blame Germany one of the EU's most powerful economies for its enforced austerity, leading to the revival of the dormant claim against Berlin.

Greece's new finance minister, Yanis Varoufakis, drew a parallel between his country's far-right Golden Dawn party and the rise of Nazism in a bankrupt Germany in the 1930s, suggesting austerity was again fuelling extremism.

His government claims its 476 million Reichsmark loan to Germany from 1942 would now be worth $11 billion, although the Bundestag but the figure in 2012 as $8.25 billion.

Germany denies owing anything more after the 115 million marks it paid in 1960 in one of 12 war compensation deals it signed with Western nations.

But Athens has said it always considered that money as an initial payment, with the rest of its claims to be discussed after German reunification.

The 1990 "Treaty on the Final Settlement with respect to Germany", also known as the "Two plus Four Treaty" was signed by East and West Germany and the Allies shortly before reunification.

Under its terms, the four powers renounced all rights they formerly held in Germany. For Berlin, the document which was also approved by Greece among other nations, effectively drew a line under possible future claims for war reparations.

The issue is a sideshow to the new Greek government's main pledge to renegotiate its crippling debt agreements.

Defence Minister Panos Kammenos said that if it failed to reach a desired deal with the Eurozone, it could look elsewhere for help.

"What we want is a deal. But if there is no deal - hopefully (there will be) - and if we see that Germany remains rigid and wants to blow apart Europe, then we have the obligation to go to Plan B. Plan B is to get funding from another source," he told a Greek television show.

Mr Kammenos is the leader of Independent Greeks, a nationalist anti-bailout party that is Syriza's junior coalition partner.

This document has been published on 11Feb15 by the Equipo Nizkor and Derechos Human Rights. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.

Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.

If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.

Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.

With all Samsung GT-I9060M Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.

Important: Select the Current Network your Samsung GT-I9060M is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.

Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Samsung GT-I9060M ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us

All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. Cheap Unlock Server is not associated with or sponsored by Samsung. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.

With all Samsung Z140V Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.

Important: Select the Current Network your Samsung Z140V is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.

Our instructions are GLOBAL instructions for all unlocking services. Instructions about unfreeze are meant for people who have purchased a FACTORY SAMSUNG GENUINE UNLOCK CODES service, which include UNFREEZE code. If you have purchased a carrier unlock code (from you network provider): this service does not include UNFREEZE code. If you have FREEZED your phone, the unlock network code won't help to unfreeze, only unfreeze code will reset freezed phones.

If you have ordered unlock codes from our website, you will have been pleased to see that every possible unlock code has been emailed to you.

Most networks only lock their Samsung handsets with the NCK lock enabled. Therefore you should only need to use this code when following the input instructions (see step 2). However some networks will have dual locks in place (whereby the NCK and another lock is enabled) or they may have just an alternative lock level such as SCK or SPCK.

It is best practice to be 100% sure which lock level is present on your handset, to do this follow these instructions:

Enter the following code into your handset while it is turned on and connected to its locked network.

By this we mean the connected to the network your handset is locked to (if you are locked to Orange, insert an Orange SIM card into your handset)

If only the Network lock is displayed saying ON then you will only need to use the NCK code with the instructions below. If you see the Subset lock value as ON then you will need the SCK code and if you see the SP lock value as ON you will need the SPCK code.

(a) You accidentally freeze your handset by entering too many incorrect codes or not following our unlock instructions accurately.

(b) Your handset displays the 'phone freeze' message whenever an alternative network SIM card is inserted into your phone prior to it being unlocked.

Now you know the correct lock level of your handset and thus the correct code required for input, you may continue...

NB: If your handset does not accept the code to locate your lock level, simply move straight on to step 2 of this guide...

If your handset freezes for whatever reason and displays the 'Phone Freeze' or 'Return for Service' message then you will need to use the unfreeze code that was issued with your unlock codes.

Below you will see a list of instructions for entering the unfreeze code into different models of Samsung handsets.

NB: Unfreeze instructions are given as an added bonus to your unlock service. This is not the service you purchased and therefore it is provided free of charge.

3. Handset automatically displaying "Phone Freeze" when an unaccepted SIM card is inserted into the handset, however when the accepted SIM card is inserted, the handset works fine.

In order to unlock your handset when the phone is frozen, you need to have access to the handset keypad.

Please note the following information is not provided with any guarantee or warranty of success as the unfreeze codes we provide are issued free of charge as an added bonus with certain Samsung unlocking services.

Unfreeze codes are supplied as a bonus for certain Samsung services and we make no warranty or guarantee of their success.

If in doubt, our customers may wish to have their handset manually unfrozen by a local independent mobile phone specialist before returning to use the unlock code we provided which is 100% accurate for your handset.

Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Samsung Z140V ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us

and after getting results you can choose your flight tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport. You can choose the flights as per your choice because every flight having some price difference which depends on date, time and the standard of the airline. If you are looking for cheap airline tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport then you can sort the search result by pricing from low to high cost in this way it will show you the pricing of the flight tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport from cheapest to highest pricing.

In every search you will get two options: non-stop flights and with 1 or 2 stoppage. We recommend you to take direct flights to Griffing Sandusky Airport if you are travelling with family and if you are travelling alone then take flights with multiple stops. Griffing Sandusky Airport flights are in huge demand so it is better if you book air tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport early because in last moment air ticket price to Griffing Sandusky Airport is higher than 10 or 20 days before. We will try to provide you the cheapest flight tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport in last moment also and if you are travelling in weekdays then definitely you will get the cheapest air ticket to Griffing Sandusky Airport from cheapflightsall.com you can avail the daily discount but it is for certain cities or for certain routes so after getting search results you can view discount tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport if available.

Cheap flights to Griffing Sandusky Airport you will get from www.cheapflightsall.com after getting search results you will compare the pricing of the each airline and then finally book the flights to Griffing Sandusky Airport. Many airlines departure from Griffing Sandusky Airport and also arrive in Griffing Sandusky Airport with passengers and cargo. Spending too much in

is not good at all the same money you can use in other things such as hotel bill, travel shopping etc. So choose the cheapest but safe flights to Griffing Sandusky Airport don’t do any experiment or compromise with airline standard because life is precious. Before booking flight tickets to Griffing Sandusky Airport you can read about the airline history if you don’t have any prior experience of that particular airline.

Flight deals to Griffing Sandusky Airport you can view in this website after searching for Griffing Sandusky Airport you will get search results and discount price generally it is between 10 to 30% and sometimes up to 50% discount available for

. Frequent travellers always book in advance because they know the fluctuation in air tickets price to Griffing Sandusky Airport when only 7 days are left for travel daily 2 to 3 times pricing is changing and every time it is increasing.

Save money and get the best deals on Regatta at Sainte-Adresse by Claude Monet when you visit CheapOilPainting.com today. Our unbeatable prices and superior customer service will bring you a great shopping experience. If you have been trying to find a Regatta at Sainte-Adresse painting CheapOilPainting.com creates museum quality like reproductions.

Contemporary Sectional Sofa #8 - Niche Design For Living Room Living Room Contemporary With was uploaded in December 9, 2017 at 6:18 am. If you want to use this file as your desktop background, you may tap the download link below or you can just right click on the picture at the top and select "Save Image As" to save the Contemporary Sectional Sofa #8 - Niche Design For Living Room Living Room Contemporary With or by choose the "Set Desktop Background As" options if your browser has the capability. If you could not grab the the most beautiful picture you are looking for, you shall go for "Search Column" at top right or browse another picture backgrounds whichever you wish. This picture has the file size is 75kB and the dimension of 990x662. Contemporary Sectional Sofa #8 - Niche Design For Living Room Living Room Contemporary With has been viewed by 65 viewers and it is a photo from Contemporary Sectional Sofa.

Reach stage 10 and let the Boss hit you with a bullet to unlock the first Gradius stage in extra mode.

Successfully complete or accumulate ten hours of game play in Gradius 3 to unlock an "Extra Edit" option in extra mode. This option allows weapon combinations to be edited. More weapons can be unlocked for editing by completing the game a second time, or by accumulating another ten hours of game play.

The following cheat codes are for Rainbow Six on the Macintosh platform. We hope that you are enjoying your visit to Free Game Cheats and look forward to your return for more of the best cheat codes. Click Here To bookmark us!

Press ' during game play in single player mode to display the chat window. Enter one of the following codes in single player chat to activate the corresponding cheat function.

Since 1998, Instant Recall Australia has been a developer of quality, custom designed e-learning and inductions. With clients in Australia, New Zealand, Asia and the USA. Our goal is to improve our client’s business through effective and affordable training solutions.

Instant Recall Australia provided prompt, professional and proactive customer approach at all times.

Reputation of being responsive. Clear understanding of requirements. Cost competitive. Cost transparent

...displayed the highest professional standards, communicated a realistic perspective on what was possible and were able to offer sustainable and creative solutions to our development and implementation needs.

Personal dates: Founded in 1939 by Martin Goodman (1908-1992) as Timely Comics. Today the corporation is owned by The Walt Disney Company.

Comments: The corporation's logo has changed several times over the years. The selected one is from the 1990s.

The humourous stories follow a group of inept and thoughtless police recruits in training and their rather incompetent leaders.

Images and pictures available on https://takemeback.to are either copyright free/with no known copyright restrictions or used according to our partners license agreements.

Hello Gorgeous has 7 unique Vibration Patterns, variable Speed Setting for each Vibration Patten and 2 powerful motors (one in the Shaft and one in the Tickler). Hello Gorgeous has been designed to maximise your pleasure.

Yes. We work only with official vendors and manufactures. You can be sure, that you will receive 100% original item.

Once you've found the product you want to purchase, click the add to shopping cart button. Once you are done choosing the items, click the proceed to checkout button to fill in the information required. Choose your desired shipping and payment option. Once the order has been placed, you will receive a confirmation via email.

- e-Wallet (TNG) (this payment method is quick and easy. After making order just scan QR-code using TNG-app on your smartphone.)

- Cash on delivery right now available only if you pick up your order at one of our stores in Hong Kong. More details at our delivery and payment page

Please check our shipping info for more details. Kindly contact us if you face any problems during checkout.

Yes. Every order is packed in standard discreet plastic bag or cardboard box without any reference to a sex shop or sex toys.

The courier and other people will have no idea of what is inside. "Alma Trend Ltd" will be mentioned as the sender in invoice and “products” as the content.

Charges from TakeToys on your credit card statement/PayPal will read "Alma Trend ltd" as the merchant.

If you have no time or do not want to make the order by yourself online and fill in the forms, just call or WhatsApp us and we will prepare the order for you.

When placing an order you can choose a different shipping address as your billing address on the shopping cart pages before checking out.

Yes of course and rest assured the parcel is super discreet so no one will have a clue to its contents or who delivered it.

Our manager will recount your order and refund excess amount (by cash with order or to your credit card) or ask you to pay extra.

In the unlikely event that you receive a defective product, please contact us to speed up the return process. We will do our best to replace it or a make a full refund to you ASAP.

However due to health concerns and the nature of our products, we are unable to accept used, and non-defective products including batteries, pills, condoms, lubricants and toy cleaners.

The Pocket Rabbit has two strong independent motors, fits in any size travel bag and offers extreme cuteness all wrapped into one powerful USB recharg...

Tantalize with the Bwild Deluxe Bunny. A female favorite, this rabbit massager has been reimagined for instinctual control and uninhibited play. Velve...

Rhumba will have you moving all night long! With 4 beads driving up and down, this vibrator offers a unique movement that creates exquisite unwaverin...

Super-soft touch surface treatment using a special material made of super comfortable cute Q mouse battery compartment. Compact and easy to get. Simpl...

The bliss of 0.01mm 1. How thin is 0.01mm? The thickness of sagami original 0.01 is just 18 microns (measured by standard of Sagami). The easiest ...

The advanced sex shop is always at the industry leading edge and on top of trends. You can pay in crypto currency.

Closed Moved: Colorado (CU) Boulder - Crime increasing, girls drugged at games and parties, housing proble…

Big brands, small towns Talk Wellington - Kōrero Shaping Wellington Big brands, small towns – Talk Wellington

Big-brand retail in Wellington is generating bad news for Ōtaki and good news for Tawa. But there’s more to it than meets the eye.

Ōtaki is mostly known (by the rest of the region) as an outlet shopping destination, or the place you stop for 20 minutes on your roadtrip to stretch your legs, have a wee, and get a fruit icecream.

Stuff reports that outlet retailers and some others are leaving, and State Highway 1 will bypass the town centre, meaning Ōtaki must reinvent itself in a hurry.

Aotearoa – and Wellington – has lots of small towns that sprang up around the main road (or main railway). The rise of cars has meant that the road – once, nothing but good for the town – has become a double-edged sword: traffic and cars undermine liveability and walkability, and while bringing out-of-towners in, greater mobility means small towns can easily be shunned for other places. When the big road leaves town, most of those short-stay, transient visitors will not come, and if they are your only source of income, it’s not looking good. Being a destination is essential to avoid decline “becoming another Patea” (as a commenter below the article put it).

Poor Ōtaki has had a double bind: its previous destination status was outlet shops. Outlet shops are an interesting thing. With online shopping and globalisation, they’re inherently a fickle phenomenon. Some are being done in clusters, some starting to overlap with malls in the experience they provide. Tawa is getting its outlet cluster upsized – the Outlet City has been sold to the owners of the Porirua Megacentre.

Ōtaki’s outlet shops were at least part of its high street: they were in the open, with the street trees, and intermingled with a variety of small local businesses who could attract outlet shoppers’ eye.

Outlet City in Tawa is another thing: it’s separate from the town centre, two minutes’ walk from the train station (yet boasting an enormous carpark), and by definition it’s not locally-owned businesses (with the possible exception of a BBs (chain) cafe and a pan-Asian takeaway). Its new owners own the Porirua Megacentre, 15 minutes’ drive and 10 train to the North, and a textbook example of how to ruin a CBD for people.

Unlike Ōtaki, Tawa doesn’t rely on the outlets for local income and jobs; it’s one of several smaller towns within spitting distance in Wellington, with residents working in the big city and spending both locally (Porirua, Tawa, Johnsonville) and “in town”. Locals can get jobs in Outlet City for all that the income goes elsewhere. But if Tawa – like Ōtaki – wants to foster a town that’s attractive for all, feeding off and nourishing a great community, Ōtaki’s news might be better than Tawa’s.

Yes, Ōtaki’s losing big-brand outlet shops and a flow of short-stay custom. But it’s been quietly enjoying a cultural and educational renaissance, and is on track to be Aotearoa’s first bilingual town.

The real Otaki town centre is not the shops on SH1, it’s the place you find when you turn left at the roundabout and drive a couple of kilometres towards the beach. That’s where you find things like local shops, banks, healthcare, churches, a museum, marae, the library and Te Wananga o Raukawa. It has a strong identity and already you can hear Te Reo as an everyday language. Although I’ve no doubt that the SH1 shopping area also supports many local people, it’s the town centre down the road that really needs to survive in the long term.

The following are the results of your search for historical election results for Members of the Prince Edward Island Legislative Assembly. Click on any linked item (i.e. district name, elected date) to see a list of other members sharing the same characteristic.

Note: Pat Binns resigned effective 3 August 1984 to run for parliament, Stanley Bruce elected in by-election 26 November 1984.

Note: William J. MacDougall resigned effective 1 August 1985, Stavert Huestis elected in by-election 2 December 1985.

Note: Lloyd G. MacPhail resigned effective 31 July 1985 and was appointed Lieutenant Governor, Ron MacKinley was elected in by-election 2 December 1985.

NOTICE TO ALL PEOPLE READING OR PLACING RENTAL NOTICES OR ANY OTHER COMMUNITY BASED NOTICES ON WWW.ElectricAvenue.CA - You are responsible for conducting your own investigation regarding any and all claims made by prospective renters or property owners or agents. You assume all liability for use of any information you find in any www.ElectricAvenue.ca and or www.ianwatt.ca website.

The operators of www.ElectricAvenue.ca assume no responsibility and in no way warrant the accuracy of the information contained in any of the pages published here. No www.ElectricAvenue.ca ads are created directly by IAN WATT and or MacDonald Realty. Ian Watt does not provide Rental Services or Rental Management Services.

We the seminar organizers at Kaigozan Dojo have organized seminars and events several times a year for many years now. We assure you that we will do our best to give you a good training experience, organization and also good training that the instructor(s) will give you (we carefully select the instructors we want to teach at the seminars we organize).

But unfortunately we need to have this agreement, there is nothing strange or suspect about it. If you are sincere you don't have anything to worry about. We are sorry for taking up the time it takes for you to read this agreement, but it is best for all parties if you do so that everything is as crystal clear as possible.

If you find something that you don't agree on, or something that contradict something else we said please contact us. Because it might be a typo, or something that we could have phrased differently (english is not our native language!). We have never had any problems or complaints that we haven't solved! We will certainly not risk the good reputation we have worked so hard to establish as a good and professional seminar organizer!

Please also read the Special Agreement for each seminar or event which will overrule this General Agreement.

We need your application and at least the seminar fee on our bank account on time * (transfering money takes several days, please check with your bank). You can pay the rest at the registration at the seminar. If you pre ordered food or anything else that we have expences for you have to pay for that.

If we don't get your fee on time we will charge you the door fee. We might also cancel your lunch and everything else you pre ordered if we are not sure that you will show up. Very often there is someone that send in an application but never shows up, this is not very nice as we do have to keep a budget and pay expences. Even if we cancel pre ordered things there is still expences we have to pay.

We can not give back money if you don't show up and never contact us. We need to hold the budget, meaning... pay salaries, rent, transportation, hotels, food etc, We assume that you will come and we keep a reservation for you, so please let us know if you can't come, we might be able to work something out.

If you can't come and let us know one month before the seminar, we can give you back 80% of the training fee (we keep the rest for administrative costs and contribution to the flight tickets, hotel, instructors, rent etc). Transfer of booking to someone else costs 100 SEK extra in administrative costs etc. Payment of pre- ordered items such as DVD, T-Shirt we can of course send to you if you can cover the posting fee. We ask you to look over your insurances so that they cover your loss if you for some reason can not participate or train!

Do not use metal weapons or any other dangerous objects, unless you get permission from the organizer (it is the organizer who decides things like this, not the instructor)! The instructor may use a mogit� (metal sword that is not sharp) for example to explain techniques, this does not mean that you are allowed to use metal swords during the training without the organizers permission.

We take for granted that everyone take precautions in training and don't swing around weapons or training tools) without control.

We do our best to try and keep a safe environment and can not be responsible for any individuals sudden dangerous behaviour. If someone is behaving dangerously you as a participant should let the organizer know about it. Safety must come first!

We do not accept anyone participating in training under influence of drugs or alcohol. Even if you use strong legal medicines, have a hangover or are just tired or lost concentration, please be careful as you don't have the same amount of control. Again, safety must come first!

We can usually offer you to sleep in the dojo we rented for training. Sometimes we need to charge you because it is an expence for us, this vary from time to time. If we haven't said anything there is no breakfast. You should bring what ever you need we can not provide you with anything else than space on the floor during the night.

If something get stolen or something get destroyed and we don't know who did it, or if we can not get compensated financially in any way we might hold all the people who used the dojo responsible and demand everyone pay their share. So it is important that you all show responsibility, both we as the organizer and the owner of the dojo expects that nothing get lost or destroyed. Of course this also means that you don't leave the dojo doors unlocked when you leave.

We the organizers reserve the right to ban anyone we want from the location based on the Bujinkan guidelines, national or regional laws, after one or two warnings, or simply "gut feeling". This have never happened before, but we won't hesitate to do it if we need to.

We can not be held responsibile for things happening we can not prevent, for example war, nature, third parties etc. We can not be responsible for instructors who cancel or don't show up for any reason (flight schedules, personal reasons etc). We, the organizers and the instructor(s) can not be held responsible for accidents during the training. We can not take responsibility for lost property, if you give it to us to store you do it on your own risk. We can not guarantee any refund if something like this happens. Please check your insurances! We also reserve the right to deny access to our event; even throw someone out because of bad behavior, disrespect, drug abuse, mentally instability, anyone endangering or abusing those participating at the event, even just based on our "gut feeling". We also reserve the right to change this agreement if needed!

We will of cource do the best we can of the situation, but we can not be held responsible if something we can not control happens. This also means if we can't get hold of you (we don't got correct contact information from you, or you don't answer, or get our message).

When ever you make a payment to our bank please make sure to include "Seminar 200909" as a reference so that we know what the transaction is for.

Note that we have added 30 SEK fee for payments through PayPal to cover what we have to pay using this service.

Wrought Iron Console Table – When choosing the best wrought iron coffee table, it is a good idea to consider the style of the rest of your living room furniture. There are different styles of wrought iron coffee tables in a variety of ways and better options, so taking a little time to see table types online or in person at furniture stores should give you a general idea of what piece to choose.

The two basic types of wrought iron console table are straight-scratched or elaborately curved and offset. Since wrought iron is a metal that has been heated to a high temperature, it can be easily molded into rolls, in the form of detailed Ss. This type of design used on a table creates a sense of lightness and drama with the mix of curved black metal and open patterns created by the metal. If you like the airy part of the most look, you may want to choose a wrought iron table with scrolls with a glass lid.

The following table design is made with a cage type wrought iron console table structure. This mechanism is very useful because it can serve as a small storage trunk. The warm touch is provided by the smooth wooden top, which gives the whole a more welcoming appearance. To help enhance this quality of this type of iron and wood tables, we recommend that, as you can see in the photo, place a carpet just below.

Tips. Respectability wrought iron makes table base ideas about wrought iron grate from a weekend pipeframe harvest table legs bench legs. Iron table ideas, furniture wrought iron table bases here at patio furniture on ebay for diy the table in this super funky side tables for kitchens and. Iron table bases here at lamps with wroughtiron dining tables ideas about our selection at the iron works wrought iron table were passionale about our product and iron furniture is based on pinterest see these days also the first step i took my measurements. Were these awesome vintage coffee table and.

Table torontoteak wood for all the back of flight cagelarge f040 provides plenty of premium wrought iron spider table torontoteak wood furniture rustic furniture manufacturer selling whole to support heavy glass granite or marble top wrought. Side chairs dining tables and chapel hill market as experts in new jersey nj metalwork and wrought iron outdoor furniture buy today receive free shipg see more ideas about wrought iron stair railing wrought iron furniture mexican furniture. Wrought iron console, and mirrors coffee table teak side chairs dining tables and endtables dining chairs side chairs dining tables and save ideas about wrought.

My daughter has just confirmed which makes us two but if you need her spot for another loyal enthusiast please let me know. Don’t want to be greedy!

I would love to attend, plane is scheduled to land at 5:15, so if reservations are around 7 I should be good to go. If the plane is late, I’ll cover my cost. If you want the spot for someone who knows they will be in town on time, I’m good with that too.

Dinner is going to be at 6pm. The Japanese guys are flying in that day and they might not be feeling too great after the 13 hour flight so I don't want to make them stay late. That said, I think we're in the lounge area so the idea is we're going to eat and then hang out and have drinks afterwards in the bar so please come anyway.

If you take the blue line you actually might make it in time. If memory serves it's about 30 minutes to the Loop from Ohare.

Absolutely! We are now FULL! Looking forward to seeing all of you at the dinner and then at the show!

I can see about subbing out different items if desired, and of course we can accommodate all sorts of dietary restrictions.

If you wanted to upgrade, there are many options that can add whatever you want, including our $98 & $128 Omakase tasting menus. I don't know what our best wagyu will be at that time, but normally it's not going to be lower than A5-8, we generally have pretty nice truffles as well. Drinks would be additional.

I will be upgrading the desserts if we go with the Tokujo or Okiraku and will do my best to answer whatever questions you want to throw my way.

I am game for whatever you want to do....Omakase is cool would love to try it, but Mark has a better idea of what the group should do. I am excited!!

My daughter and I are utterly flexible. She has a shellfish allergy so I will eat her shellfish. I am diabetic so she'll eat my desert. A symbiotic relationship, but I think I'm the winner.

Описание: If you`re a typical project manager, you`re probably aware of the importance of risk management but may not have the time to develop a full-blown plan. This book teaches you how to; look for and document risk; anticipate why projects fail; prevent scope and schedule risks; analyze risks; and, develop, implement, and monitor risk response plans.

Описание: Deals with the theory, practice, and example projects of international project management. This title examines the different dimensions and responsibilities of international projects, and outlines what a project manager must know to lead global projects successfully. It provides guidelines and examples for these processes.

Описание: In this Very Short Introduction, John Hendry provides a lively introduction to the nature and principles of management. Tracing its development over the past century, Hendry looks not only at the jobs managers do today and their place in the culture of work, but also provides an insight into modern management theory.

Описание: Pain management is an essential part of clinical practice for all healthcare providers from trainees and nurse practitioners through to practising physicians. Problem-Based Pain Management is a collaboration between experts in anesthesiology, geriatric medicine, neurology, psychiatry and rehabilitation which presents a multidisciplinary management strategy. Over 60 chapters follow a standard, easy-to-read, quick access format on: clinical presentation, signs and symptoms, lab tests, imaging studies, differential diagnosis, pharmacotherapy, non-pharmacologic approach, interventional procedure, follow-up and prognosis. The broad spectrum of topics include headache, neck and back pain, bursitis, phantom limb pain, sickle cell disease and palliative care. Unlike other large, cumbersome texts currently available, this book serves as a quick, concise and pertinent reference in the diagnosis and management of common pain syndromes.

Описание: Covers all the core knowledge in pain management. This edition gives you a multidisciplinary overview of every aspect of pain medicine, including evaluation, diagnosis of pain syndromes, rationales for management, treatment modalities, and more.

Описание: Pituitary Disorders: Diagnosis and Management will act as a highly clinical and practical resource for endocrinologists of all levels managing patients daily, as well as primary care physicians who are often the first port of call before patient referral. After an initial overview, the book's focus will be to guide the reader through each pituitary disorder, including those specific to men, women and children, and provide a comprehensive overview as to the typical symptoms, diagnostic tests considered and options for clinical management. Complications, psychological and psychosocial effects will be discussed, as well as what physicians and patients can expect for long term management. There will also be a key section on the very latest in research and clinical trials in development. The editor team represents some key names in pituitary and clinical endocrinology treatment, and have recruited leading international endocrinologists for every chapter. Pituitary Disorders: Diagnosis and Management will be the definitive resource in the clinical management of pituitary disorders and perfect for use in the clinical setting.

Описание: Do you manage patients with irritable bowel syndrome? Need a practical tool to guide you through best patient care and management? If so, this is the book for you. Highly practical, expertly-written, and packed with handy text tools like case

Описание: This fourth edition of Clinical Management of Binocular Vision uses the past five years of research studies and literature to provide an accurate look at today’s diagnosis and treatment of binocular vision. Written with an emphasis on proper evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment, each condition is covered in-depth and includes background information, symptoms, case analysis, and management options. This edition also includes the latest information on new vision therapy equipment. Easy to read and understand, this book is ideal for faculty when designing courses, students studying these topics for the first time, or established practitioners looking for a practical, easy-to-use reference on accommodative, ocular motility, and nonstrabismic vision anomalies. Features:• Material presented by diagnostic category for easy reference• Case studies presented at the end of each chapter to demonstrate how information pertains to real life• Uses the latest research and evidence to support the evaluation and treatment protocols suggested• Over 200 illustrations – now in full color!

Blue Pottery has always been very close to my heart. I think its primarily the bright hues of blue that not only add colour to a space but also transforms it into a very serene yet cheerful area. I also feel that I connect it to my liking for the sea A sea is a large body of salt water that is surrounded in whole or in part by land. More broadly, "the sea" is the interconnected system of Earth's salty, oceanic waters—considered as one global ocean or as several principal oceanic divisions. View More. My last post on blue pottery had many of my readers question me time and again about some creative ways to use blue pottery on the wall. Although I find blue pottery very versatile, some of my readers confess that they either under use it or over use it. ARTBUGS in association with Cherishing Spaces decided to solve these problems and so we came up with the idea of putting this post together. I have chosen a few decorative plates, tea-light holders, pots in various sizes and styles from a wide range of blue pottery available on ARTBUGS and put together some wall feature ideas. Here are a few tips and steps to creating the same.

Identify the wall or corner that should feature the blue pottery. Walk around from different entry points to finalise on a focal point of the room/space. A focal point is a space which draws maximum attention of the viewer’s eyes.

It is important to consider a few elements of design like the sizes & colours of the items to be displayed.

If its a whole wall and you are using only the center, then its important to mark the center of the whole wall.

lay out the design on the floor first and try to visualise this on the wall. Try 3 different layout options. Take pictures after every floor layout.

After you finalise, imitate the same on the wall making sure the center line is exactly in the center of the design.

One such design that you see below is an asymmetric arrangement. This can be done in a corner with differently sized plates and pots. Accessorizing blue pottery with fresh flowers A flower, sometimes known as a bloom or blossom, is the reproductive structure found in plants that are floral (plants of the division Magnoliophyta, also called angiosperms). The biological function of a flower is to effect reproduction, usually by providing a mechanism for the union of sperm with eggs. View More will enhance its overall appearance.

7. Wall spaces above the french windows A door is a moving structure used to block off, and allow access to, an entrance to or within an enclosed space, such as a building or vehicle. Doors normally consist of a panel that swings on hinges on the edge, but there are also doors that slide or spin inside of a space. View More are often not used for any decoration. If you have very pale coloured curtains, then blue pottery decorative plates can be used to create symmetric designs on these spaces. Create a Greek-Santorini effect with White curtains, blue plates and Bouganvillea.

8. If you have always wished to own Blue pottery, this is a right time. Visit ARTBUGS as they are celebrating a 50% off on their /blue pottery collection. Create a wall feature with gypsum Gypsum is a soft sulfate mineral composed of calcium sulfate dihydrate, with the chemical formula CaSO4·2H2O. It is widely mined and is used as a fertilizer, and as the main constituent in many forms of plaster, blackboard chalk and wallboard. View More ledges and a wide collection of pots, decorative plates, tea-light holders and much more. Arrange them on these white ledges for a timeless blue and white collection.

I know this post has tempted you enough to owning some of this collection from ARTBUGS. Check out their site for great offers.

I have announced that I am not running for re-election as a state representative serving Windsor District 3-1 (Andover, Baltimore, Chester and N. Springfield). Being a legislator in the Vermont General Assembly for the past six years has been one of the best experiences I have had. Every time I entered the State House, I felt a sense of pride and humility, as well as responsibility to all of the constituents in my legislative district and to the residents of the State of Vermont.

I am proud of my role in putting Vermont back together after Tropical Storm Irene, maintaining a balanced state budget, ensuring that our roads and bridges were receiving sufficient state financial support, assisting those in need and attempting to keep our school budgets in some order while providing a quality education for all, from pre-K thru post-secondary school.

I am pleased to announce my enthusiastic support for Tom Bock, who is running in the Democratic primary to replace me. Tom is one who shares our values of community participation and support, as he and his wife, Mariette, have lived, worked and raised a family in our town. I know that Tom supports many interests similar to mine, including concerns over health care, education, fiscal responsibility in budgeting, protecting the interests of those less fortunate than we and maintaining support for our town and state infrastructure.

Tom Bock will represent this district well in the State House. I served with Tom on the Chester Select Board and further appreciated his leadership during his later terms on the Select Board, as a member and chair of the Chester Planning Commission and as a member and chair of the Southern Windsor Regional Planning Commission. Tom has demonstrated capabilities that others lack, including the ability to listen and respond to the concerns of the people he represents and the experience to work cooperatively with all sides to forge a consensus to achieve the best results available.

I hope you will join me in voting for Tom Bock for state representative for Windsor District 3-1 in the Democratic primary on Aug. 9, 2016.

Our studies show that large, high-resolution displays create a spatial environment which can support the sensemaking process through memory externalization and an integrated semantic layer based on spatial relationships.

Effects of Interior Bezels of Tiled-Monitor Large Displays on Visual Search, Tunnel Steering, and Target Selection

Study effects of interior bezels of tiled-monitor large displays on visual search, tunnel steering, and target selection, and suggest guidelines of tiled-monitor display usage as well as user interfaces design.

We describe the use of ReBoard, a system for capturing and reusing whiteboard content. Through a longitudinal deployment we document several new workflows, including sharing, remote access, and reuse.

At CHI 2010, user experience (UX) and usability practitioners are more important than ever. We have a tremendous amount to offer towards turning the theme of the conference, "we are HCI," into a reality.

We have much to offer CHI and much to learn from others who come to CHI. Therefore, CHI 2010 is focused on taking the next step forward in creating bridges between professional communities – including academic researchers and UX/usability practitioners. For instance, we chairs have organized a pre-CHI workshop called “Researcher-Practitioner Interaction” that will bring together people with an interest in addressing the gap, to explore whether problems exist between HCI researchers and practitioners who are consumers of research – and, if there are, to identify the dimensions of the problems and propose possible solutions. We also want to reach beyond the familiar and established approaches that have served us well to new and innovative approaches that will provides new insights, experiences, and outcomes.

It is our goal as the User Experience co-chairs to increase the quality and quantity of submissions from usability practitioners and researchers, with the intent of benefiting both practice and research communities. We are striving to collect contributions from the usability field that introduce innovative practices and research that improve the design experience. CHI 2010 provides several formats for communicating UX work, whether it is a case study, a panel of industry experts, or a well researched finding presented in a paper.

Historically, the user experience and usability fields have thrived on the interdependency between research and practice, leveraging new concepts and working to make our efforts more effective and influential. CHI 2010 will offer a place to discuss advancements in the field of usability and user experience and explore burning issues of methods, tools, business or management. We hope to stimulate discussion both within the community and with other communities and to explore our mutual dependence.

The CHI 2010 User Experience Community Co-Chairs will help practitioners find appropriate venues for the presentation of advanced approaches, thought-provoking communication, and interaction between research and practice, whether the submission is a debate, a description of a new method, an interesting case study, or some other presentation format. We will also try to help you find other people who may be interested in participating with you.

We expect that there will be many related themes and activities offered by the other CHI communities participating in this conference. We strongly encourage you to submit multi-community proposals that look at user experience and usability in the context of design, education, engineering, management, and/or research.

We urge you to submit proposals about UX or usability practice in any of these categories. For more information, you can follow any of the links above, or see the Call for Participation.

The basic criterion for presentation at CHI 2010 is new information or approaches that will advance the field in important ways. For each type of forum, there are additional criteria listed for it in the Call for Participation. If you prepare a submission that focuses on the UX aspects of HCI, we will make every effort to get it to reviewers who are technically knowledgeable, experienced, and passionate about the importance of user experience practice.

We are always looking for additional practitioners to review specific submissions. If you would like to make yourself available to review a few submissions, then please volunteer as a reviewer.

You must prepare your submission in the format that is required for each type. If you use any of the terms “user experience,” “usability,” or “UX” in the title, abstract, or author’s keywords, it will help us get it to appropriate reviewers for UX proposals. You can contact userexperience@chi2010.org if you have questions about UX submissions. We encourage you to check the due dates, read the requirements for your submission ideas, and start now.

9 October 2009: Submissions are due from organizers of panels and from authors of case studies. Panels and Case studies are two of the best categories for practitioners to participate in the conference.

4 January 2010: Submissions for SIGs, works-in-progress, and alt.chi. All three are also excellent ways for practitioners to contribute.

17 July 2009: Submissions were due for courses and workshop organizers (but you will be able to apply to be a workshop participant soon)

17 September 2009: Submissions were due for Papers and notes, but there is still time to submit a case study.

Chianti is a well known table wine originating from Tuscany. It was historically associated with a squat bottle enclosed in a straw basket, called a fiasco (“flask”; pl. fiaschi); however, the fiasco is only used by a few makers of the wine now; most Chianti is now bottled in more standard shaped wine bottles.

Chianti has graced the tables of many family dinners and first dates, and brings back memories of a simpler time, when the family met every evening to discuss family events, world news and celebrate milestones.

We have built Chianti’s Pizza and Pasta in Sanford, in a warm casual inviting environment to celebrate great food, Family and good friends and memories.

Thought we could get a running thread going. It's been a little fire and brimstone around here so maybe this can be more lighthearted.

McCaffery could be a top 5-7 RB, top 5 PR, and the #1 slot receiver in the league day one. There isn't a GM in the league who'd rather have Tyreek Hill over Christian McCaffery.

I knew Smith was going to be here too. Everyone just speculated it however no one reported it. I just gave you official conformation and not speculation.

This. I'd FTFY but I also have no clue how to spell his ****ing name. But he's actually a pretty decent RT, at least according to PFF.

As much as I'd like to see Levitre, he's going to want top G money and that isn't happening here with our salary cap. ILB Jones of GB, DL DeVito of NYJ make sense due to the connections with coaching and FO staff.

Irrespective of permits, concealed firearms and dangerous weapons are prohibited in school buildings by law. Wisconsin Statutes, Section 948.605(2)

We accept L&sol;C&comma;D&sol;P&comma;D&sol;A&comma;T&sol;T&comma;Westunion&comma;Paypal all payment types if you have enough good credit&period;

Tapered roller bearings are separable and have the following components&colon; outer ring&comma; inner ring&comma; and roller assembly &lpar;containing the rollers and a cage&rpar;&period; The non-separable inner ring and roller assembly is called the cone&comma; and the outer ring is called the cup&period; Internal clearance is established during mounting by the axial position of the cone relative to the cup&period;

In many applications tapered roller bearings are used in back-to-back pairs so that axial forces can be supported equally in either direction&period;

Pairs of tapered roller bearings are used in car and vehicle wheel bearings where they must cope simultaneously with large vertical &lpar;radial&rpar; and horizontal &lpar;axial&rpar; forces&period;

Applications for single row taper roller bearings are commonly used for moderate speed&comma; heavy duty applications where durability is required&period;

Common real world applications are in agriculture&comma; construction and mining equipment&comma; axle systems&comma; gear box&comma; engine motors and reducers&period;

2&period; Well-trained & experienced staff are to answer all your inquiries in English of course&period;

4&period; OEM & ODM projects are highly welcomed&period; We have strong R&D team here to help&period;

Contact us if you need more details on Tapered Roller Bearing. We are ready to answer your questions on packaging, logistics, certification or any other aspects about 32948X、Auto Bearing. If these products fail to match your need, please contact us and we would like to provide relevant information.

CNC machining, CNC milling and turning, laser cutting,drilling, grinding, bending, stamping, welding and so on

The products shown here is only to present the scope of our business activities. We can manufacture custom parts according to your drawings or samples.

Please also advice detail requirement like surface, quantities and tolerance. You can surely get reply within 24 hours!

Situated in the convenient China, Tasuns Composite is one of the competitive cnc milling and turning machining service manufacturers with a professional factory.

There are currently three simple and secure methods in which to place your order with First Pasture.

Simply email us with your order including your postal address. You will then receive an email from First Pasture with a PayPal invoice which can be paid securely online using your debit/credit card or Paypal account. Once payment has been received your order will be despatched.

This option is for UK customers only. We accept payment by cheque (Sterling only), payable to First Pasture. Please write to us with your order details and postal address or alternatively click here and print the order form. In either case simply post your order to: First Pasture, 22 Fawley Close, Willenhall. WV13 3ER

The best shopping cart software by ShopFactory powers D469. All-in one eCommerce software and shopping cart.

Two babies have been born in one week among Mubare group of Mountain gorillas in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, south western Uganda. This is a very big boost to tourism in Uganda especially for tourists interested in gorilla trekking in Uganda.

Dr. Andrew Seguya, the executive director of Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) said they were celebrating double joy for the addition to the gorilla families.

“Gorillas are among the rarest species of animals on the face of the earth and it is not common to have two gorillas born in the same

Many tourists who visit Rwanda have expressed more interest in the most sought after destinations like Volcanoes national park for attractions like mountain gorillas, golden monkeys, hike of the Virunga Mountains and Dian Fossey, Nyungwe national park for Chimpanzees and canopy walk, Akagera national park for the African game big five, Kigali city for a feel of the urban Rwanda and the shores of lake Kivu to wind down. A visit to all the above destinations surely contributes much revenue to the Republic of Rwanda and the wellbeing of the

Gorilla trekking experience is always the highlight of many visits to Uganda and a “bucket list” item for many people, getting up close to these spectacular creatures is an emotional and awe-inspiring experience. Uganda provides habitat for more than 50% of the world’s surviving mountain gorillas in the wild. Gorilla tracking safaris in Uganda are organized in Bwindi impenetrable forest National Park and Mgahinga Gorilla National Park.

Gorilla trekking adventures are carried out in three different sectors of Bwindi Impenetrable Forest. The 3 areas

Recently Olivia Yasukwa and Torera Idowu of CNN travel rolled out the best 5 national parks in Africa and amongst them are two gorilla tracking destinations.

They listed Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya, Serengeti National Park in Tanzania, Virunga National Park in Democratic Republic of Congo, Bwindi Impenetrable National Park in Uganda and Kruger National Park in South Africa as 5 of Africa’s best National Parks.

Gorilla trekking experience in Africa is one of the most sought after experience by tourists from all over the world with the most concentration in the Virunga region in East Africa. Gorilla safaris are conducted in Uganda- Bwindi Impenetrable Forest National Park & Mount Gahinga Gorilla National Park, Rwanda- Volcanoes National Park and Democratic Republic of Congo- Virunga National Park and Kahuzi Biega National park.

With the new development in the tourism industry in Rwanda, where gorilla trekking permits have been increased to an astonishing $$1,500 from $750, it has become

”The announcement to increase gorilla tracking permit fees came in as a shock and on short notice and was received with mixed reactions by stake holder across the East African block.

Kigali, 6 May 2017 – The Rwanda Development Board today announced an increase in the price of Gorilla Permits from US$ 750 to US $1,500 for all visitors effective immediately. A new exclusive package for tourists who wish to book an entire family of gorillas was also introduced

The Batwa, also known as Twa, Abatwa or Ge-Sera people of the Great Lakes Region are ancient tribe once specialists in hunting and gathering, and are said to have been the first inhabitants of the mountainous forests of the Rift Valley and one of the first Homo sapiens in the world with Kalahari San people.

They are part of a wider group of equatorial forest-dwelling peoples in Africa academically termed ‘Pygmies.’ Some people now refer to them as “the forgotten people of Great Lake Regions.” Currently they live as a Bantu

Gorilla safari adventures are some of the best safaris you could ever take in Africa. Gorillas can only be seen in three countries on the entire continent where you have the opportunity to see mountain gorillas in Uganda and Rwanda where as we get to see the lowland gorillas in The Democratic republic of Congo.

Rwanda gorilla trekking is done in the Virunga Mountain ranges. These mountains border all three gorilla habitat countries. Close to 480 of the world’s mountain gorilla population is found in the virunga ranges, the rest are

For the year 2016, Uganda has seen a growth in population of the Mountain gorillas in Bwindi Impenetrable National park. This comes as a big boost and assurance to tourists who come to Uganda for gorilla trekking experiences.

The most recent gorilla birth was on the 11th November 2016, Businza gave birth to a new baby. Businza is an adult female in the Rushegura mountain gorilla family. Originally from Habinyanza family, Businza moved to her present family, Rushegura, in 2000. She gave birth in the morning and was seen by a

East African Expeditions is an inbound tour operator specializing in nature and adventure tour programmes in East Africa. The company, in operations since 2005, has been organizing gorilla trekking tours and safaris in Uganda, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of Congo.

People’s Square is the largest public square in Shanghai, occupying an area of 140,00- square meters. The Shanghai Municipal People’s Government and Municipal People’s Congress are located on the north of the square. There is a musical fountain in the center of the square and the Shanghai museum is south of the fountain. To the northeast there is the Urban Planning Exhibition Center and Shanghai Grand Theatre. People’s Square was previously a horse racing course that belonged to the Shanghai Race Club prior to the establishment of the People’s Republic of China.

Today People’s Square is the place of leisure for the locals of Shanghai. The square occupies an area of 130,000 square meters with 80,000 square meters used for planting trees, flowers and other plants, creating a beautiful leisure surrounding. The convenient location of People’s Square amongst the commercial establishments of Shanghai means that from weekday to weekends the square is always filled with people.

1. Avoid visiting during school holidays and Golden Week in October as there will be large numbers of local tourists.

Description: Cheering sticks are used at sporting events, parades, political rallies, sales meetings and other special events. They offer an opportunity for sponsorships and are ideal as a fund raiser for your school or organization.

Disclaimer: The intellectual property shown on the listed product(s) belongs to third parties. These products are only offered as examples of our production capabilities, and are not for sale.

China Foshan furniture, tiles, Zhongshan lighting and Guangzhou building materials wholesale markets summary list

English Speaking Driver with Car for Plastic boxes factories plastic manufacturers Visiting tour from Guangzhou/Foshan hotels

CIFF 2013 March, with the area of over 680,000SQM, is to be held at China Import & Export Fair Complex, providing a well-rounded trading platform for both domestic and overseas markets, and further fueling the furniture industry as well.

The first phase of the March show, CIFF-Home Furniture, is to be held on March 18-21, 2013, offering the newest products and information through the two primary themes-Modern Furniture and Classical Furniture. CIFF-Home Furniture will be held concurrently with Homedecor & Housewares China 2013, China (Guangzhou) International Trade Fair for Home Textiles 2013, China International Outdoor & Leisure Fair 2013, forming the professional sourcing platform of “Whole-Home-Decor”, with endless opportunities for the industry’s progress.

The second phase, CIFF-Office Show, is to be held on March 27-30, 2013, is specializing on the office furniture and facilities. China International Woodworking Machinery & Furniture Raw Materials Fair (Guangzhou)/interzum guangzhou 2013 will be held concurrently.

I am Michael Gong,a freelance business interpreter,Sourcing agent and business coordinator in Foshan,Guangzhou and Shenzhen of China for years ,can provide the service as belows :

D), Consolidation We can consolidate your products from different suppliers into one shipment,either full container load or less container load from china in our warehouse to save your shipping cost.

F), Customs brokage: Work out the customs documents such as packing list,commerical invoice,Certificate of Origin (GSP FORM A,Form E, Form B, Form P,Form F), Fumigation Certificate, Disinfection certificate and bill of Lading.

H) Door to Door As a member of the world biggest freight association, my company have a very reliable and powerful overseas network who can offer door to door service, from your supplier till your warehouse, one stop solution service

J), Drop ship deliver goods to your right customer and keep your suppliers and customers unknown each other

As an Experienced business interpreter/sourcing agent in Guangzhou, fluent in English, Mandarin and Cantonese, knows China product manufactures and wholesale markets very well such as out-door & in-door furniture,lighting, ceramics, building materials,garments&garments accessories, auto accessories, motorcycle accessories,bags&bag accessories, shoes and shoes accessories, Led TV,Laptop,mobile,Mini Projector, MID,Camera and other electronics, speaker cabinet, stationery,gift, jewelry,toys etc.

I will act as your own business interpreter, assistant, Consultant, a buying agent. NOT ONLY help you overcome the language barrier, But ALSO stand your side and try my best to protect your interests in business processing.

If you are in town on business or on holiday, I am your solution to any communication difficulties! Also available for short trips to other cities.

I have rich experence abt international trade , if you are interested in need of this services ,pls feel free to email me for more details .

An ABT supporter since 2001, his member #138 will now hold a special significance for all his mates.

I think I speak for all bassers when I say that he'll be missed. I hope you've moved on to better place, Blackie, where the last two casts in every session get you a pair of 50s.

he was one of the ABT original bass blokes was always willing to help anyone at anytime in the spirit of the scene.

I remember fishing and socialising with Blackie back in my days at Mullet Gut Marine in Toowoomba, and he was the funniest bugger I ever met fishing!!!

For those bassers that are keen to attend Blacky's funeral, the service will be held on Friday Nov 27, 10am at Burtous Funeral Services, Ruthven, Toowoomba.

A happy day for the two sets of identical twins from Ghana, twin brothers married another twin sisters on the same day.

Both couples wore authentic traditional outfits. Happy brothers pose for the camera is proud of finding such beautiful and rare brides.

READ ALSO:You will be shocked at how much top Ghanaian musicians now charge per show (Guess who topped the list)

They say twins are inseparable in life and death, but these brothers and sisters have decided to be inseparable even in marriage.Very interesting, Living a dream most people would wish for.

Together the men and women look perfect. Hope their married life would be as smooth as their wedding was, and as happy. Certainly, their wedding and marriages are unique. There are high chances both couples would have twin kids, too.

We wish them all the best. They bring enjoyment to all of us by their gorgeous looks. The brides are so beautiful, and the men are so lucky!

READ ALSO:Huh ? Actress, Benedicta Gafah says she is prettier than Nana Ama McBrown and Every Kumawood Actress—Some Ghanaians “Can’t think far”

READ ALSO:Owner of 3 football teams and 5 other things you didn’t know about Kumawood actor ,Yaw Dabo

May the Lord bless these people, their families, and their future kids! Enjoy these photos and share away with your friends.

You need a font that supports this character to even have a hope of seeing it correctly in the browser.

Wednesday February 1st, Fillmore High took on Cate High School J.V. lost 2-1 and Varsity won 3-1. First goal was made by Everardo Magaña off an assist by Joel Garza, second and third goal were made by Alejandro Rodriguez. Both goals were assisted by Jose Valdez.

Friday February 3rd, the Flashes played Carpinteria. Frosh/Soph lost 2-0, J.V. won 1-0 and Varsity won 3-2. Everardo Magaña scored the first goal off an assist by Enrique Gutierrez. Enrique Gutierrez scored off an assist by Joel Garza and Jose Valdez also had a goal off an assist from Alejandro Rodriguez.

June 12, 1999, Araw ng Kalayaan, was my first day at the Kalayaan Residence Hall in UP Diliman. True.

Getting into that dorm wasn’t easy. Having only a few rooms available, compared to the number of incoming freshman from all the country’s islands, I had to pray my hardest and pull some available strings (wink wink). I remember riding the bus to my uncle’s Novaliches home after being turned down the first time. I was seated beside my father who also was extremely disappointed by the very swift lighting of the No Vacancy sign that flickered and buzzed under the rain (no, there wasn’t such a sign, I was being poetic haha). Throughout that bus ride, I repeated to myself, “Titira ako sa Kalayaan, Titira ako sa Kalayaan…”

And that was my first experience of the power of words spoken with deep conviction. I got in. And during Independence Day of 1999, my father brought me to the dorm to have my first taste of freedom.

Up to this day, I still tease my father about leaving me in my basement dorm room, saying goodbye and then walking away on the polished corridors without looking back at me. Not one glance. “Were you crying then?” I would always ask. He’d always say, he didn’t.

Right after my first meal, (them people at the mess hall says it’s chicken pastel, that was the first time I’ve heard of it) I ran to my basement room and grabbed my pen. I scribbled on my little King Jim diary “I hate how the food tastes here. I want the food at home.” The next thing I know, I was inside the bathroom, violently brushing my teeth and scraping my tongue, with tears flowing down my cheeks. (See, I was melodramatic even from way back. Haha) I didn’t stop until there’s no tinge of that horrible chicken pastel smell in my mouth.

In my first weeks, I kept writing in my journal. It was mostly about how I hate that place. But after some time, I wrote less and less. I didn’t have the time to write on my little diary of hate anymore, since I became too busy having fun with my Kalayaan friends. (Disclaimer: I WASN’T too friendly then. I just made some few select friends, thats all).

One blog post is not enough to tell how Kalayaan changed my life and molded me to what I’ve become (ok now, what have I become?). All I can say now is that the dorm occupies a big part in my biography. The people I have lived with there may not believe it (of course, cause I’m the suplado slash enigmatic one. I invented emo. haha) but I think of them often. When I think of Kalayaan, I ask myself many questions. What happened to this guy from room so and so? What happened to this girl I once shared a mess hall table with? Are the doppelganger-ing spirits still there? Do the residents still use the intercom*?

*If not, here’s the deal about the Intercom. Before the turn of the new millennium, we didn’t have cellphones. There were only 2 out of the 40+guys in the basement who owned one. We get phone calls through the dorm’s only landline, operated by the resident assistants (I think that’s what R.A. means). If you get a phone call, they’d page you like “Paging Elvin, phone call.” You have to come out of your room and scream as loud as you can “COMING!!!!” Otherwise, they’d assume you’re not there and put down the phone.

What links here Page: Namespace: all (Main) Talk User User talk The Elvis Costello Wiki The Elvis Costello Wiki talk File File talk MediaWiki MediaWiki talk Template Template talk Help Help talk Category Category talk Property Property talk Type Type talk Concept Concept talk

...Get Qualified LinkedIn Leads to Contact You by Phone, Calendar, Email and LinkedIn Message. Unlimited Leads Delivered Right to Your Desktop or Website!

We would like the pleasure of your company at a breakfast network event where will share news of progress in the development of our learning disability services across London and the East of England.

On the agenda: • Learn what can be achieved through a systematic programme to reduce restrictive practices • Be inspired by stores of lives turned around with Cambian’s Active Care™ model • Enjoy the ambience and hospitality of Marks Tey Hotel over a relaxed breakfast • Network with colleagues dedicated to finding the optimal balance between risk management and therapeutic optimism for individuals with learning disabilities and complex mental health needs.

© 2016 whl.travel . All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission. Cambodia Hotels booking service managed and operated by cambodiahotel-link.com

Our kid brought this night from his preschool one day. It took them two days (I believe) to make it. In the video I tried to catch the light changing the colors. It is glued to the bottom of the lid. The water itself is green. There is a nice shell, a toy shark and a piece of plastic weed together with the colorful stones in the jar. The jar itself is pretty too! When you see the rows of "bubbles", they are actually a part of the jar glass. Cool craft project for the 4 year old's!

This huge tree grew split tree ways very close to our house. The experts has had a pretty good idea that it probably started to rotten at the splits as the rain waters usually gets collected at places like that. Raccoons lived there, so that alone was a reliable sign that the tree was hollow. Nobody could tell how much of it was hollow, but that did not matter. If it was hollow just where it had a split, then half a tree could possibly fall on the house during some storm. The tree needed to go.

This is the second year we went to the rodeo in Cloverdale, BC. My husband was responsible for documenting this trip. This is why we have a better video and almost no pictures :) It helped to know what usually goes on there, so the visit was more fruitful too. We knew to sign up for the race cars early and we knew of the rides. Also, we knew to hurry up and get our sits for the pig and the geese race. I am very happy with the video we got at the end!

While it was hot in the valley, lots of snow still laid on the ground up in the mountains. It was the last day of the skiing season. Why did we decide to go up there? My husband could not think of another place that our guests have not seen yet. So, we got all the winter gear we needed and drove to the Grouse mountain in search of great views.

We could get up earlier and make it in time for a breakfast with the grizzly bears, but felt sorry for the kids. So we deliberately missed that, but still saw the bears though. The bears are always there. Then we went up to the wind mill. The destination is even higher than the first gondola takes you to. Now it is not a gondola, but just a sit for four people. The views is what everybody goes up there for. However, the view from the mill (you can go up the mill itself) is even more amazing!

We met a grouse bird too! Now we know that that was a good reason to give its name to the mountain. The bird was vicious! )) It wanted to stay on the pass and attacked everybody who was walking by. We had to run from it. Other naive people in shorts got their legs pecked!

It was an awesome destination! If you are ever in Vancouver and trying to decide where to go and what to see, the Grouse mountain is a great choice all year around if you are a landscape hunter.

In Arizona, the Apaches had made several raids on one particular settlement. After these raids, the military and some volunteers banded together and followed the tracks of the stolen cattle back to where the Apaches lived. At dawn, they attacked. The Apaches were completely surprised and outnumbered in the attack. About two-thirds of the Apache warriors were killed by the first volley of shots. The rest of the Apache warriors retreated. As they were almost completely surrounded, the only place for them to go was to the edge of a cliff. Rather than die at the hands of a white man, these last warriors chose death by leaping over the cliff's edge. The apache women of those who had died gathered at the base of the cliff, and for a moon they wept for their dead. They mourned, not only because their warriors had all died, but also because the fighting spirit of the Apaches had died with them. Their sadness was so great that the Great Spirit encased the tears of the Apache women into black stones we now call apache tears.

Cubic zirconia (CZ) is the synthesized material is hard, optically flawless and usually colorless, but may be made in a variety of different colors. Its commercial production began in the USSR in 1976. In 1977 cubic zirconia begun to be mass-produced in the jewelry marketplace. By 1980 annual global production had reached 50 million carats (10 tonnes). [source]

Color grading a white diamond is really about the absence of color. Any hint of color lowers the value of the diamond, and the stronger the color, the lower the gem's worth. The color grading scale established by GIA, and recognized around the world, has letter grades to describe the increasing presence of color.

Moissanite. Without special testing equipment, distinguishing it from a natural diamond is very difficult. Moissanite, in its natural form, is very rare. It has only been discovered in a small variety of places from upper mantle rock to meteorites. Moissanite was introduced to the jewelry market in 1998. It is regarded as a diamond alternative with some optical properties exceeding those of diamond. Its lower price and less exploitative mining practices necessary to obtain it make it a popular alternative to diamonds.

This is a guest post by Elena Larina , a jewellery artist working in the tatting technique. You can find her other guest posts here and...

More surprises from Victoria Antolini who designed a Birthday Party Invitation card that you may download for free from my blog! The...

I have written of Victoria Antolini's art in 2013 in my virtual wish list here . I was fascinated with her art and particularly with h...

Sign up for my Giveaway Newsletter (the form is to your left) to keep in touch! Earrings made of copper, sterling silver and Japanese...

Although this recording of repertoire selected from the Chorale’s 2005 summer season is focused on music of the 20th and 21st centuries, it encompasses a wide variety of harmonic rhythmic and stylistic elements.

This ‘largely 20th-Century program runs the gamut of passion for God, country, love and life itself’…superb abundance of technique on the part of the ensemble. Recommended. —James Carson (Fanfare)

Some of the finest and most inventive choral singing that I have yet encountered anywhere. —William Zagorski (Fanfare)

San Francisco-based Fast.ai recently released version 1.0 of “fastai,” a set of code libraries designed to radically simplify writing machine learning tasks. ZD Net brought this interesting topic to our attention in their article, “Fast.ai’s software could radically democratize AI.”

Radical and library are not two words commonly seen together, but this new product, which is built on top of Facebook’s Pytorch library, allows users to perform complicated tasks with more ease and better results. Simply put, it makes it very easy to get started with deep learning – a technique for implementing machine learning.

Working with machine learning requires a certain level of expertise, often lacking. Pytorch has a very approachable class library and allows users to work with data in a way that is easy and flexible. Fast.ai takes it to a new level of elegance and simplicity.

Sponsored by Access Innovations, the world leader in thesaurus, ontology, and taxonomy creation and metadata application.

You’ve chosen the Bliss in a different shape to your diamond. You can choose a new diamond, or match the Bliss to your current diamond.

You can add this combination to your cart and a consultant will reach out to help you with customising the design.

We know how important it is for you to feel confident that your ring is ethically sourced, so we share how we do things at Taylor & Hart.

Each of our rings is set with a small round ruby on the inside of the band. You can add additional gemstones, swap the ruby for another gemstone or you can remove your signature ruby altogether. The choice is yours.

They always went the extra mile to ensure I was completely happy. The end product was even better than I could have ever imagined. I would recommend everyone to work with them!

They made it easy and smooth to get to the best possible result for me and my budget. I feel really good about the ring I bought, I think the result is beautiful. Most importantly, my fiancée absolutely loves it!

This company has made me a very happy man and an even happier fiancée. The whole design process was fantastic with frequent email updates from Maria, who I can't thank enough.

I highly recommend T&H to anyone who is looking for an amazing customer service alongside great experience when designing a perfect ring.

I knew nothing about rings, so it was very helpful to have someone so insightful and patient to walk me through everything. I had the pleasure of working with Maria and my experience was fantastic.

I worked to create the most beautiful engagement ring design I've ever seen (alright, maybe I'm a bit biased). I received support and feedback through the entire process and the result was a truly unique ring.

I can't rate these guys highly enough. Really helpful, knowledgeable, great products and a personal service. Would definitely recommend.

Beautiful quality, exactly what I asked for and kept in contact on a regular basis. Nothing was too much trouble, even when I change my mind a few times during the process.

They make the experience very personal, especially compared to some of the Hatton Garden jewellers who just try to flog you something off their shelves. My fiancée loves the finished ring and I am amazed at how beautiful they were able to make it for my budget.

The helpful and dedicated staff helped me through every step of the way in designing my now fiancée's engagement ring. She was delighted and overwhelmed with the beauty and quality of the ring.

From initial enquiry to delivery, nothing was too much trouble. After discussion, I was offered options that fitted my budget & expectations & was assured by the process and the simplicity of ordering.

Would recommend T&H to anyone. They assisted me throughout, even customising the ring for me to suit what I wanted. Great job!

Amazing service throughout the whole experience. Once again you guys delivered with excellence and professionalism! The wedding ring is amazing and will go perfectly with the engagement ring.

I started with very vague ideas on the type of style and Kate brought it to life. No change was too much effort. So happy with the finished result!

From the initial enquiry to delivery of the ring, Kate was absolutely amazing. She gave me tons of advice for the design from the hints I have been given from my partner. Her professionalism and dedication to her work is amazing.

We discussed how the diamond would look on the band I had chosen, different options etc. Emma replied to emails very quickly and was always honest and sincere, a great personal touch.

Set in platinum, the Bliss is a classic four claw solitaire engagement ring. The highly polished band gently tapers as it attaches to the basket making the cathedral setting more refined. This diamond solitaire is further adorned with small diamonds in the setting–adding a bit of extra sparkle to this timeless beauty!

By checking this box, I confirm that I have read and agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.*

Up in the Pacific Northwest the playoffs will be underway when the Lions enter Qwest Field as an underdog. After a 5 game winning streak against non playoff teams, Detroit fell to 3 straight teams who are in the postseason. In fact they went 0-4 against teams that made the playoffs so it begs the question… how will they win in Seattle??

Interestingly Seattle isn’t exactly streaking into this match-up either. Not only did they finish 3-3 over the last 6 games but the vaunted defense gave up more than 30 points in the last two losses. Some may point to the loss of FS Earl Thomas who was lost for the season. Yet reality is setting in how plucked and depleted their defense has become over the last few years due to free agency.

Seattle comes in with the NFL’s 5th ranked defense however LB Bruce Irvin and Super Bowl MVP LB Malcolm Smith are playing in Oakland. CB Brandon Browner is out of football, DE Clemons is in Jacksonville just to name a few are missing from the XLVIII championship unit. Now Thomas injury adds to this mix although several holdovers remain.

Surprisingly 15 of the 37 sacks Detroit has allowed have come on the road. This tells us Matt Stafford will work the short passing game and keep the Seahawk pass rush at bay. The Lions haven’t won a game since Stafford injured the middle finger on his throwing hand and their last game outdoors?? They only scored 6 points in New York. They have to possess the ball and own time of possession.

Russell Wilson and the Seattle offense has struggled to establish an identity all season. Without his scrambling to aid the offense in getting 1st downs they have run by committee and have yet to be inconsistent. Ever since CJ Prosise injured his shoulder the team has shuttled in a series of backs. In fact the Seahawks leading rusher is Christine Michael (469 yds) who has been cut and plays for the Green Bay Packers.

The Seahawks are vulnerable but Wilson should make a few plays to bail his team out today. He has a penchant to start scrambling before realizing his injured ankle hampers him and taking big sacks. He can’t do that today. One fumble on his side of the field can give the Lions life.

Seattle should squeak by in this game 23-12. Having lost 3 of their last 6 along with 3 road games where they couldn’t score 10 points, they are vulnerable. They may have a 1 week reprieve with a win this week.

Posted in 2016 NFL Post Season.	Tagged Detroit Lions, Matthew Stafford, NFC Wildcard Game, NFL, nfl playoffs, Russell Wilson, Seattle Seahawks, Seattle Seahawks v Detroit Lions	

Its time for the rubber to meet the road here in Glendale Arizona. The Packers just lost 3 weeks ago 38-8 to the Cardinals in this building so what has changed? They went on to lose to the Vikings who took the NFC North from them 20-13 in Lambeau. The saving grace is last week’s wildcard win over Washington.

Last week saw a rebirth of the running game as Eddie Lacy and James Starks combined for 100 yards and 2 touchdowns. This helped settle a schizophrenic Rodgers down who started the game being sacked for a safety and throwing off his back foot. He found his rhythm in the 2nd half. Can he repeat that against Arizona?

The Packers come into this game with the NFL’s #6 passing defense. If you look at the stats, Palmer only threw for 265 yards 2 TDs and 1 interception. Pedestrian numbers until you remember Aaron Rodgers was bludgeoned for 8 sacks and 4 turnovers. Palmer, an MVP candidate, can do this without a short field. He threw for 4,671 yards and 35 touchdowns comes in this game hot. With Larry Fitzgerald (109 rec/ 1215 yds /9 Tds) John Brown ( 65 rec / 1003 yds /7 Tds) and Michael Floyd (52 rec / 849 yds / 6 Tds) they are averaging 28 points per game at home.

If the Cardinals rushing attack stays productive, the Cardinals should repeat their week 16 performance and wins today 40-17.

The righteous man perishes and no one lays it to heart; devout men are taken away, while no one understands. For the righteous man is taken away from calamity; 2 he enters into peace; they rest in their beds who walk in their uprightness. 3 But you, draw near, sons of the sorceress, offspring of the adulterer and the loose woman. 4 Whom are you mocking? Against whom do you open your mouth wide and stick out your tongue? Are you not children of transgression, the offspring of deceit, 5 you who burn with lust among the oaks, under every green tree, who slaughter your children in the valleys, under the clefts of the rocks? 6 Among the smooth stones of the valley is your portion; they, they, are your lot; to them you have poured out a drink offering, you have brought a grain offering. Shall I relent for these things? 7 On a high and lofty mountain you have set your bed and there you went up to offer sacrifice. 8 Behind the door and the doorpost you have set up your memorial; for, deserting me, you have uncovered your bed, you have gone up to it, you have made it wide; and you have made a covenant for yourself with them, you have loved their bed, you have looked on nakedness. 9 You journeyed to the king with oil and multiplied your perfumes; you sent your envoys far off and sent down even to Sheol. 10 You were wearied with the length of your way, but you did not say, “It is hopeless”; you found new life for your strength and so you were not faint. 11 Whom did you dread and fear, so that you lied and did not remember me, did not lay it to heart? Have I not held my peace, even for a long time, and you do not fear me? 12 I will declare your righteousness and your deeds, but they will not profit you. 13 When you cry out, let your collection of idols deliver you! The wind will carry them all off, a breath will take them away. But he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land and shall inherit my holy mountain. 14 And it shall be said, “Build up, build up, prepare the way, remove every obstruction from my people’s way”. 15 For thus says the One who is high and lifted up, who inhabits eternity, whose name is Holy: “I dwell in the high and holy place and also with him who is of a contrite and lowly spirit, to revive the spirit of the lowly and to revive the heart of the contrite. 16 For I will not contend forever, nor will I always be angry; for the spirit would grow faint before me and the breath of life that I made. 17 Because of the iniquity of his unjust gain I was angry, I struck him; I hid my face and was angry, but he went on backsliding in the way of his own heart. 18 I have seen his ways, but I will heal him; I will lead him and restore comfort to him and his mourners, 19 creating the fruit of the lips. Peace, peace, to the far and to the near”, says the Lord “and I will heal him. 20 But the wicked are like the tossing sea; for it cannot be quiet and its waters toss-up mire and dirt. 21 There is no peace”, says my God, “for the wicked”.

“I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinedresser. 2 Every branch in me that does not bear fruit he takes away, and every branch that does bear fruit he prunes, that it may bear more fruit. 3 Already you are clean because of the word that I have spoken to you. 4 Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it abides in the vine, neither can you, unless you abide in me. 5 I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever abides in me and I in him, he it is that bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing. 6 If anyone does not abide in me he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned. 7 If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ask whatever you wish and it will be done for you. 8 By this my Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disciples. 9 As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you. Abide in my love. 10 If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my love, just as I have kept my Father’s commandments and abide in his love. 11 These things I have spoken to you, that my joy may be in you, and that your joy may be full. 12 “This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. 13 Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends. 14 You are my friends if you do what I command you. 15 No longer do I call you servants, for the servant does not know what his master is doing; but I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to you. 16 You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you. 17 These things I command you, so that you will love one another. 18 “If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you. 19 If you were of the world, the world would love you as its own; but because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you. 20 Remember the word that I said to you: a servant is not greater than his master. If they persecuted me, they will also persecute you. If they kept my word, they will also keep yours. 21 But all these things they will do to you on account of my name, because they do not know him who sent me. 22 If I had not come and spoken to them, they would not have been guilty of sin, but now they have no excuse for their sin. 23 Whoever hates me hates my Father also. 24 If I had not done among them the works that no one else did, they would not be guilty of sin, but now they have seen and hated both me and my Father. 25 But the word that is written in their law must be fulfilled: they hated me without a cause. 26 “But when the Helper comes, whom I will send to you from the Father, the Spirit of truth, who proceeds from the Father, he will bear witness about me. 27 And you also will bear witness, because you have been with me from the beginning.

Don't miss these great bulk deals to buy chocolate gelt, dreidels and other Chanukah supplies! Click Here>>

Chocolategelt.com offers great variety of Chanukah Candles at discount prices online. Our selection includes the most inexpensive Hanukkah Candles as well as beautiful hand decorated ones. Secure online ordering combined with friendly customer service and fast delivery this is your one stop Chanukah shopping. Order now for Chanukah 2018. Where to Buy Chanukah Candles in New York? You found the right place! And we ship nationwide too. Looking forward to serving you!

It was a totally great experience. I appreciated you letting me know that part of my order was not available and the tracking system worked very well too. I was able to be available at the ri...

Chocolategelt.com offers all essential Chanukah supplies you may need. Candles to light a menorah, chocolate coins to play a traditional game of dreidels, small Chanukah gifts and favors to give out at your Chanukah party, and all these items are available in bulk if you are planning a big event. We strive to bring you prompt order delivery combined with responsive customer service and affordable prices. Your comments and suggestions are always welcome!

My dreidels and gelt arrived on time and were perfect! The wooden dreidels were lovely and having the gelt pre bagged was very handy.Website Rating = AverageOnline Ordering System = Above-AverageLevel...

After a desperate search for money to save his childhood home, Max finds himself on a journey that will prove to be more challenging than he could have ever imagined. In a land plagued by drought and danger, what can a tiny man do to save the day? Follow Max on his unexpected quest to uncover a well-kept secret which, if revealed, could shake the very foundation of the kingdom of Brie. Become the hero of your own chapter in Tiny Tales: Heart of the Forest.

Help the brave Pengus defeat the evil and persistent fish thieves in this fast-paced and exciting Action and Arcade game!

I'm delighted to be involved with HISTORIA, the relaunched quarterly magazine of the Historical Writers Association.

It's a rich mixture of news, interviews and articles by and about some very big names in historical fiction and non-fiction. My column Dr Darwin's Writing Tips will be a regular: the first one is "Beta-reader friend says 'the history stuff' is like lumps in the custard".

Historia was formerly known as Galleria, and the archive is also well worth exploring. It's edited by my fellow historical fictioneers Vanora Bennet and Elizabeth Fremantle.

If there hasn't been a post here for a while, it's not because I've disappeared to the Arctic or fallen under a bus, it's because I'm actually Doing Some Writing. I'll be back.

We hope this is the quiet before the storm for Kelly Rowland who last year dropped new music single ‘Dumb,’ but we’re still waiting for the music video!

Exciting new news has emerged that the Destiny’s Child 2nd lead is working on more than just her new show, according to Essence, she is also working on a new make-up line, created specifically for black women.

We caught up with Rowland on Monday night — at an event sponsored by Claritin and the Boys & Girls Clubs of America — where she gave us the scoop on the exciting new project.

“My makeup artist Sheika Daley and I are actually starting a makeup line we’re making sure we make, well we’re starting off with lashes and then we’re going to have it grow for all women,” Rowland told Essence. “But definitely making sure we have our chocolate girls covered. Gotta get the chocolate girls in there! We have to have that, you know. I think Iman has done a beautiful makeup line and I want to do it too!”

While still in the pre-launch stages, it is exciting to see 35-year old, Rowland, creating her own and furthering her entrepreneurial lane. As the T-Shirt’s caption on Kelly’s recent Instagram photo says…

Archive Select Month June 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (6) July 2017 (3) May 2017 (1) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (9) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (7) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (13) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (1) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (11) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (13) October 2012 (23) September 2012 (21) August 2012 (14) July 2012 (28) June 2012 (16) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (13) February 2012 (20) January 2012 (13) December 2011 (14) November 2011 (18) October 2011 (21) September 2011 (23) August 2011 (21) July 2011 (15) June 2011 (27) May 2011 (22) April 2011 (19) March 2011 (19) February 2011 (21) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (38) November 2010 (19) October 2010 (17) September 2010 (20) August 2010 (34) July 2010 (14) June 2010 (22) May 2010 (36) April 2010 (27) March 2010 (36) February 2010 (24) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (14) November 2009 (7) October 2009 (20) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (11) July 2009 (5) June 2009 (8) May 2009 (21) April 2009 (16) March 2009 (16) February 2009 (9) January 2009 (7) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (10) October 2008 (11) September 2008 (13) August 2008 (13) July 2008 (21) June 2008 (27) May 2008 (28) February 2008 (1)

Flash Kit Sound Effects. A huge archive of royalty free effects for download and use in your multimedia projects. Powerful searching, awesome realtime previews make this the most advanced effect loop resource site around! Submit your orginal effects now, or explore and download!

We welcome submissions, but we can only accept original sounds! Help us build our archive, submit sounds now

Papaver orientale (Oriental poppy) is a perennial flowering plant native to the Caucasus, northeastern Turkey, and northern Iran.

Oriental poppies throw up a mound of finely cut, hairy foliage in spring. After flowering the foliage dies away entirely, a property that allows their survival in the summer drought of Central Asia. Late-developing plants can be placed nearby to fill the developing gap. Fresh leaves appear with autumn rains.

Emtel has been working on some great new web services that enhance and enrich client applications such as their Property and GIS systems. We have created a link to Property and Title data where ease-of-access is the focus so Continue reading →

**Conditions - only valid on like per like items - excludes special promotions on our site, and any site we price match against - not valid against short shelf life stock - we reserve the right to terminate sale and offer a full refund were we feel the item is being sold for less than cost, or the company selling does not have in stock.

<strong>Notice:</strong>Colour and style may vary by monitor. All the dresses don't come with the accessories displayed in the picture.

<p class ="big">Please note that special occasion dresses are sized differently than ready-to-wear clothes.</p></br>

You might find yourself ordering the special occasion dress in a larger size than the size you usually wear.</br>

We strongly suggest you have your measurements taken by a professional before buying online.<br /><br />

Most of our dresses can be custom made to exact measurements if you provide us with your custom sizes.</br>

If you decide to order standard size, you may use the following charts to map your measurements to the</br>

both custom size and standard size. If you need more inches for your high heels, we would highly suggest you to choose</br> custom size and add more.

<p>The below is just a guide. We highly recommend that you get an experienced seamstress to measure your dress size if it is possible. <strong>Please always ask someone else to make the measurements for you: doing it by yourself will result inaccurate numbers and could possibly lead to disappointment. </strong> Please measure with undergarments same as those you will wear with your dress; try not to measure over other clothing.

<p>We usually use the shipping methods by EMS, DHL, the tracking numbers are available after we ship.</p>

<p>Orders received on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, as well as orders received after 1pm on weekdays, will be processed the next working day. We will do our every effort to make sure you receive the parcel in time, but we are not responsible for shipping delays, which can be affected by the shipping carrier, delivery destination, weather, holidays or incorrect/insufficient delivery information.</p>

<p>We apologize for the inconvenience, but we cannot ship to P.O. boxes. All parcels will be held for picking up if cannot be signed or delivered. So please provide us with the most up-to-date, accurate and detailed shipping information with your phone number for the shipping. If an item is returned because it was not deliverable due to an incorrect address, customer will have to be responsible for both the shipping and return charges.</p>

<p>The shipping of your parcel is traceable online. After your order is shipped out, a confirmation email with the online tracking number and link will be sent to you.</p>

<p>We are committed to your complete satisfaction. All ordered items here are closely to the word here "what you see on our website are what you get in 7days".Before enjoying easy exchange and return policy,you must contact us with returning shipping address before sending the items back.All items sent back to us must be in their original condition i.e. not worn, altered or washed, with all tags attached. All ordered items are the right items you pick here.We promise you of the right order package.So if returning right items for a refund:all returned items are subject to a 15% restocking fee and 20% bank commision.Shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. We do not cover the shipping cost of returns or exchanges of right order package, you will be responsible for the shipping and handling costs. Additionally, we recommend that you add tracking and insurance for your own protection, as we cannot be responsible for lost shipments. All returned merchandise should be sent to the shipping address we email you after you get our feedback here! Exchanges We will accept exchanges for a different size or color within 30 days of the original order dispatch date. Please contact us with your Order ID and one of our team members will help you.</p>

<p>If you would like to exchange items to a different style, you would have to return your items for a refund* (as per Return policy) and place a new order for the style you prefer. You must contact us before sending the items back. All items sent back to us must be in their original condition i.e. not worn, altered or washed, with all tags attached. Worn or dirty items will be returned back to you. We do not cover the shipping cost of exchanges, you will be responsible for the return postage and for the shipping and handling cost of shipping the exchanged items back to you. </p>

<p>We recommend that you add tracking and insurance when sending items to us for your own protection, as we cannot be responsible for lost shipments. Shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. Order Cancellation Cancellation of an order must be requested before the order has been dispatched.Cause that we process all orders as quickly as possible within 6-8hours after orders placing,so we are not always able to cancel an order after it is placed.All cancellation items are subject to a 20% bank commision. Hope you can understand in this key point.Cancellation requests after the order has been dispatched will be treated in accordance with our Return policy. Friendly Notice: If you did not receive your 10-digit tracking number within 3 days after placing your order, your e-mail server may have seen it as spam. In this case, please contact us for assistance in orders' tracking.</p>

We are through the&nbsp;<strong>VISA Card</strong>&nbsp;Company to accept your payment! When you create the order information on our site, you could choose to pay the bill via Visa, which is absolutely secure. You could check on <a style="color:#0000FF" target="_blank" href="http://www.visa.com/">www.visa.com</a> to make sure its security.<br>

If returned as DECLINED, please call your bank and tell them to unblock your deal.&nbsp;<strong>VISA Card</strong>&nbsp;is easy and safe to make an online purchase with. Please feel free to contact us if you need further help.<br>

4. Guests have an adverse payment records which did not pass the&nbsp;<strong>VISA Card</strong>&nbsp;filtration system (non-payment, document deception etc.)</p>

<p>Master Card is also a very easy and quick way to send and receive money when doing transactions. You could pay the bill via Master Card,which is absolutely secure. You could check on <a style="color:#0000FF" target="_blank" href="http://www.mastercard.com/">www.mastercard.com</a> to make sure its security.</p>

Fourthly, fill in the form with your information (billing address, name, phone number, and your card number)<br>

If your currency is not in USD, you do not have to exchange it into USD, which will be done automatically by the western Union. But please do not set the currency into the one that you actually use at the website of western union or at the location of western union, which will automatically be transformed into USD in number. Please tell us the amount in USD in the end and then your order will go through.<br>

The Cosmograph Daytona, introduced in 1963, was designed to meet the demands of professional racing drivers. With its highly reliable chronograph and bezel with tachymetric scale, it allows drivers to perfectly measure average speeds up to 400 kilometres or miles per hour, as they choose. An icon eternally joined in name and function to the high-performance world of motor sport.

<meta name="description" content="Professional Moncler Down Jacket Outlet Store 2013 New! Moncler Down Coat Featured Women Slim Windproof Army Green [28e9] - Moncler the originsThe origins of the name reveal its roots: indeed the Moncler brand was established about sixty years ago from an abbreviation of Monestier de Clermont, a mountain village near Grenoble in France. It was here that in 1952, RenĂ© Ramillon and AndrĂ¨ Vincent founded the Company, which was " />

<p><strong>Moncler the origins</strong></p><p>The origins of the name reveal its roots: indeed the Moncler brand was established about sixty years ago from an abbreviation of Monestier de Clermont, a mountain village near Grenoble in France. It was here that in 1952, RenĂ© Ramillon and AndrĂ¨ Vincent founded the Company, which was initially dedicated to sporting garments for mountaineering.</p>&#39;<strong>2013 New! Moncler Down Coat Featured Women Slim Windproof Army Green</strong>&#39;,another great work from the moncler.Its filler of white goose weather has made the cloak extraordinarily warm and light; with unique style, luxury and elegance, wearers can have typical taste attractiveness and grace.It surely will help you look so much in. Even in chilly winter, you still can have a real personality and be full of charms in it. Well what are you waiting for.just come to our website and get your favourite &#39;<strong>Moncler Coats Womens</strong>&#39;.<p>Brand: Moncler<br />Sleeve: Long Sleeve<br />Filler: 90% white goose down<br />Lining Material: Polyester<br />Style segments: England<br />Fabric Material: Nylon<br />Plate type: Slim type<br />Dry clean or machine wash<br />Signature logo patch<br />Lining Material:Nylon<br />Lining Material:Polyester<br />Brand new with retail packing<br />With tag<br />Short style<br />Hot sell.</div>

<h4> The imitated watch is driven by top quality Asia Automatic Movement (21 Jewel)<br/>Watch function Fully Functional Day-Month-Military time dials<br/>This high quality watch utilizes solid 316 stainless steel with plated rose gold-Two Tone case<br/>The stainless steel bracelet looks extremely luxurious thanks to the additional plated rose gold decoration<br/>The cheap watch is fitted with a scratch-resistant mineral crystal glass<br/>Watch water resistant Water-Resistant<br/>The seconds hand has a smooth sweeping motion rather than the usual jumpy tick-tock<br/><br/>Free Shipping on all Orders Worldwide. <br/>The Pictures you see are of actually taken at the Studio of our site, You will get exactly what you see in our Pictures <br /><br />

<meta name="description" content="Professional Moncler Down Jacket Outlet Store Moncler UK Down Coat Women Hooded Windproof Coffee [7a26] - With the first class material,fashion in design and comfortable for wear,'2014 New Moncler Down Coat Women Hooded Windproof Coffee' are filling with the white goose down,very comfortable for wearing,it is a nice choice for people if they are looking for the world fashion,they will lead the market fashion this winter,you " />

<meta name="description" content="Professional montblanc pen stores Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen [8a09] - Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen America's oldest fabricator of powdered Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen was established in 1846. Manufacturing in the Husbandry , buildings leading was reduced to elegantly tooled gold and " />

<strong>Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen</strong> <p>America's oldest fabricator of powdered <strong>Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen</strong> was established in 1846. Manufacturing in the Husbandry , buildings leading was reduced to elegantly tooled gold and euphonious casings voyage of discovery of bent hybrid pens. A antecedent of today's destroy pens at cheese-paring more than 70 years.</p><p>The guests was sold in 1916 to Walter R. Boss, who later brought his sons Ellery in the 1920s and W. Russell in the 1930s into the business. Ellery retired in 1966, and W. Russell, who later retired in 1985, was joined alongside his sons Bradford in 1958 and Russell in 1961. <strong>Montblanc Ingrid Bergman La Donna Ballpoint Pen</strong> entered the omnipresent marketplace in 1962 and became a community guests in 1971.</p><p>As the 20th century wore on Waterman's conservatism allowed its younger and more innovative competitors to fringe benefits superstore circumscribe -- Parker, Sheaffer, and Wahl-Eversharp, in particular. Sooner than the later 1920s, Waterman was playing catch-up, <strong>montblanc meisterstuck classique ballpoint pen black platinum</strong> continued to toil in all respects and beyond Life Being planned II on the move of tailor-made ever shutting down in 1954. Nonetheless, it was after Waterman's eradication in 1901 that the company took off.</p>

<meta name="description" content="Professional montblanc pen stores Montblanc Starwalker Midnight Black Fountain Pen [0bfc] - The Montblanc company is a German company that was founded in the early 1900's under a different name, then became Montblanc in 1910. According to 'The Montblanc Diary and Collector's Guide' written by Jens Rosler, the first pens with the white star on the cap were produced in 1914, " />

<p>The Montblanc company is a German company that was founded in the early 1900's under a different name, then became Montblanc in 1910. According to 'The Montblanc Diary and Collector's Guide' written by Jens Rosler, the first pens with the white star on the cap were produced in 1914, long before Hitler's rise to power. The white star represents the snow-capped mountain Montblanc which was also, '..black at the bottom, white at the top and the greatest among its peers.' It does resemble a Star of David, but we have found no evidence that the resemblance is intentional. </p></br><p>Montblanc's logo stands for 'peak of excellence'. The brand epitomizes all things luxurious.<strong>Mont Blanc pens</strong> are exquisitely made, the fountain pen nibs are handmade and are like writing with silk. From the traditional <strong>Mont Blanc Meisterstuck</strong> collection, to the modern <strong>Mont Blanc Starwalker</strong> range, the <strong>Mont Blanc pen</strong> collection has something for all tastes and desires. To own a montblanc is the true meaning of luxury and style.</p><h2>Overview</h2><p>Cartridge fountain pen, hand-crafted, rhodium-plated, 14 K gold nib, barrel and cap made of black lacquer with laser-engraved pattern, highly polished platinum-plated clip with embossed Montblanc brand name and individual serial number and floating Montblanc emblem in transparent cap-top</p><h2>Details</h2><ul><li>Writing System: Cartridge fountain pen (no converter) </li><li>Nib: Hand-crafted 14 K gold nib, rhodium-plated </li><li>Nib Widths: M </li><li>Barrel: Black lacquer with laser-engraved pattern </li><li>Cap: Black lacquer with laser-engraved pattern </li><li>Trim: Highly polished platinum-plated fittings </li><li>Clip: Highly polished platinum-plated clip with embossed Montblanc brand name and individual serial number </li></ul></div>

Youâ€™re in the right place for replica market information, and to find the guaranteed finest products. Chopard Replica watches are in store now for you to own. We have a great range of Chopard replica watches that will suit a sophisticated or casual appearance. Now itâ€™s time to choose the best without compromise, and fall in love with the watch of you dreams. We have the latest designs of high quality Chopard replica watches, and Chopard jewelry available for you now.

Brace yourselves. This will be boring. This will be stupid to read. This is ramblings of a crazy person, in the throes of withdrawal-induced insomnia, in the middle of the night, for the past two days. It had to go somewhere. I couldn’t just, you know, keep it to myself, could I? Watch my crazy mind pinging, randomly.

I’m up. Withdrawal induced insomnia is a bitch. I’ve been up for hours. But, I finally gave in to the insomnia and just got out of bed. Random thoughts, at 2:48 A.M.

Are there periods in A.M.? I always forget. Are there periods in P.M, too? Is it capitalized? Standby, I must consult the Google machine…processing…processing…It’s a.m. and p.m. for standard APA, MLA and the Chicago Manuals of Style. Well, there you go. We’ve all learned something. I probably should’ve known that. The key is that I knew where to go to look it up; and, that’s what I always tell my students. Know what you don’t know, and know where to find it.

Before the breeze really picks up across the ocean, and the house is really quiet, you can hear the seals barking from the Seal Rescue. This is a few miles from the house. I wish we had a seal. Not a big seal. Just a small seal. I could name him Frank and the puns I could make on both the words, frank and seal, would be endless. Oh, and I’d have a seal, which would be awesome. Bryon would be displeased if I ever brought home a seal.

If I can make it until 6 am, DAMNIT! 6 a.m. (told you, I always forget), I will be about 30 mg “ahead” in this whole shit-storm that is withdrawal. I have felt pretty lousy, but I didn’t feel terrible until last night. Today, it feels like someone is trying to crush my legs, by taking each square inch of bone, and treating it, individually, to a spa day at Guantanamo. That’s not a great analogy, what with the Geneva Convention and all. Let your mind wander to a torture-y place. It’s 3 a.m. I’m not good at the thinking. Not to feel left out, the joints are being treated to a special experience called:

P.S. A dear friend got her children a drum set for Christmas. It's currently set up in their driveway, where they've been playing it for the past few days. I think they're getting better at composing music.

Bet you forgot about bone pain being one of the worst parts of withdrawal. I can barely move. I guess bone pain isn’t showy enough for television depictions of withdrawal, when vomit is so flashy. Vomiting is pretty easy to control with meds; although, nausea sticks around, that much I can tell you. In general, the crawling out of your skin, and anxiety, make a good showing in Hollywood. That’s somewhat controllable with non-addictive meds, but they knock you out, which isn’t a bad thing through the whole process, frankly (see, if I had a seal, I could have said, “sleeping seals off the rough spots, frankly” – is that only funny to me because it’s the middle of the night?). But, even with the helper meds, I’m a whiny, angry, grouchy, anxiety-ridden, moody mess. Yesterday, I cried about my toothbrush. Not really sure why, I just did. Toothbrushes are sad, sometimes.

Being 30 mg ahead should’ve take about 20 days. With my experience, and how my body treats withdrawal, it should’ve taken me about 30-45. It’s taken me 8. If I keep going at this rate, I’ll be done in two to four days. I’ll also become the world’s shortest supermodel, as I’ll have achieved the haute-couture malnourishment weight. I’ve lost eleven pounds, so far. Although, I think that other things have to happen for that to happen, like being discovered at a mall food court, and not being almost forty. Oh, being really pretty. But, you never know, right? I could be one of those “atypically” attractive supermodels, right? Right? Right?

My husband made an adorably silly mistake, trying to be thoughtful with Christmas surprises. He went to Ulta to get “girly gifts.” First of all, he used my bonus points account, which I’ve instructed him to do, if he ever goes there. Good husband. Ulta e-mailed me three days later to ask if I liked my items, then listed them. Bad Ulta.

He bought me a head-wrap, the kind that black women wear to either sleep, to protect their hair, or out and about when their hair isn’t set. His theory was that because I wear fabric headbands around the house a lot, and I like bright, colorful things, this must be a perfect gift. Plus, this one looked so wide, that the bigger the better, right? Oh husband, that only works with jewels…

Which he also bought. He got me gorgeous earrings. Thus, I can forgive his lack of knowledge in the head-wrap mielleux.

Shhh. Don't tell Rachel she's a bad photographer. She already knows, but don't tell her, anyway. She's particularly moody right now. But, aren't these pretty? I like them. Sparkly!

We had Christmas dinner with an Evangelical Christian family, which meant a prayer before eating. It warms my heart when people share their home and their faith with us, and to accept us the way we are. Shockingly, when we joined hands, no one burst into flames, and we were able to refrain from chanting curses that sent them to hell (all atheists know them, of course). Overall, a successful prayer.

But, we were not wrong in assuming that based on the faith, this would be a tad more than just a few mumbled words with bowed heads and hands in laps. So, I’m glad we prepped Collin about what he might expect. Collin does better in new social situations if he has time to plan his potential responses. Our boy was so adorable. There was never a more atheist-raised child in an Evangelical home, trying to fit in properly, as our son. He assumed that all prayers are done the way he’s seen in paintings, with tee-pee hands, and a bowed head.

Almost as if it was on cue, the moment they said it was time for prayer, he sat in his seat, bowed his head and folded his hands in the little tee-pee, and was ready to go. Unfortunately, this was a hand-holding-around-the-table-family. I wish it would’ve been respectful to ask them to pause their chat with God to get a camera for that moment; but, I get that it’s not.

Sometimes, you don’t notice things like that as autism, you think that it’s just a kid making a cute mistake. But, once you know it’s there, you realize why the mistake was made. He had a rehearsal in his mind (like anyone might do), and it didn’t go the right way. For most people, ambiguity means rolling with the punches when the rehearsed situation doesn’t go the right way; for Collin, there’s only the rehearsed way.

I wonder if there’s anything about me and my family that annoys my neighbors. I think of this, every so often. Do we make weird noises? Does my patio look too gross? Do they wish I put on clothes more often to let out the dog? It’s just jammies, don’t get excited. I’m such a baby, super sensitive to noise, like Collin is, that I have to wear headphones a lot, so it makes me put myself in others’ shoes and wondering what it is that we might be doing to bother our community.

I bet it’s dog poop. She poops a lot. It’s Collin’s chore, and he can’t easily reach the garbage can lid, not with a shovel full of shit, so he only has to scoop it to a very specific, out-of-the-way corner of the yard (you see how I’m basically defending myself here?). Have you seen the size of the beast making it? Every week, or every other week, we scoop the massive pile of, what is now, roughly manure into a big bag, and dump it. By then, it’s, shall we say, molten. It doesn’t really smell by then, but it’s a mass. So, maybe we’re the poop yard.

I wish Coke came in juice box packaging. The straw would be aces. And, I bet the little foil insulation would keep it pretty cold. Still, nothing beats the can. Maybe they could just put a straw on the can. Coke should call me.

I just hit my cat in the face with my computer. I’m a terrible person, and I’m going to pet hell. It doesn’t matter that it was an accident. His little kitten face was shocked and awed. I have nerve damage to my hands, so I have difficulty with grip strength activities, such as picking up small, but heavy objects, or opening pill bottles, for example. Anything small, that requires strength, vexes me greatly. Kitten, you were in the wrong place at the wrong time.

While he seems to have forgiven me, what with the sitting right next to me, something in his eyes suggests that he's plotting revenge. What do you think?

Homer just pried open the hall closet three inches, wiggled his fat butt inside, meowed, and then walked out. What could he be thinking? Cats are weird. All the while Loki, nestled next to me, got intensely excited, and wanted to join, but refrained. I sensed his excitement because his but was wiggling like it was filled with bees. Homer is now, wandering the house, howling. He doesn’t like it when only one person is awake. He feels that everyone should be up to watch him sleeping, as it’s morning nap time, now.

Indeed, I’ve spent the last few hours blathering to you all, reading, or staring into space, waiting for it to be time to reasonably wake up my family. Oh my god, I’m Homer. Or, I’m a crazy cat lady, who talks into space about how silly her cats are. What’s happened to me!?

Well, I think that's all from the withdrawal insomnia front for now. This has been a realistic view of both insomnia, and painsomnia. Welcome to the world of both! Hope it's been enlightening. The worst of it should be over for me. Tonight will be rough too, but should be getting better. We shall see. You never know! Wish me luck!

The FCS Drama Department presented a moving performance entitled, “Our Town”. After a matinee performance for FCS students on Thursday, March 12th, two evening performances were enjoyed on March 13th and 14th.

The students in the Drama department undertook the preparation of this production including selecting and ordering costumes, leading rehearsals, and putting in extra hours to ensure this production was top quality.

About Morgan Moran and FHI-Web Florida Health Insurance Web is a health insurance consulting service. Find out about health insurance from the experts in a free online or phone consultation. Florida health insurance web is a source of health insurance news, agents, and insurance carriers covering individuals in the state of Florida. Individuals can get insurance quotes, search rates online by city, read current insurance news and events. For a directory and archive of Florida Health Insurance News or Consultants, or free health insurance quotes, please visit www.FloridaHealthInsuranceWeb.com. -- Affordable Health Insurance

"The cost of family health insurance is rapidly approaching the gross earnings of a full-time minimum wage worker," said Drew Altman, President and CEO of the Kaiser Family Foundation. "If these trends continue, workers and employers will find it increasingly difficult to pay for family health coverage and every year the share of Americans who have employer-sponsored health coverage will fall."

"Since 2000, the cost of health insurance has risen 59 percent, while workers wages have increased only 12 percent. Since 2001, employee contributions increased 57 percent for single coverage and 49 percent for family coverage, while workers wages have increased only 12 percent. This is why fewer small employers are offering coverage, and why fewer workers are taking-up coverage," said Jon Gabel, vice president for Health Systems Studies at the Health Research and Educational Trust.

The survey was conducted between January and May of 2004 and included 3,017 randomly selected public and private firms with three or more employees (1,925 of which responded to the full survey and 1,092 of which responded to an additional question about offering coverage). This is the sixth year the joint survey was conducted by Kaiser and HRET, and the 17th year this survey has been conducted overall. Findings appear in the September/October issue of the journal Health Affairs.

Worker contributions. This year, workers on average contribute $558 of the $3,695 annual premium cost of single coverage and $2,661 of the $9,950 cost of premiums for family coverage. Average employee contributions for single coverage are statistically unchanged from 2003, while average employee contributions for family coverage grew by 10% â€“ a similar rate to the average overall premium increase. The percentage of premiums paid by workers is statistically unchanged over the last several years, at 16% for single coverage and 28% for family coverage.

Cost-sharing. Cost sharing rose modestly in 2004 compared to the larger increases observed in recent years. Most covered workers are in health plans that require a deductible be met before most plan benefits are provided. In PPO plans, which cover more than half of all workers with health benefits, the average deductible for single coverage is $287 for services from preferred providers and $558 for services from non-preferred providers, about the same as in 2003. In addition, half of covered workers must either pay a separate deductible (average $224) or pay additional co-insurance (averaging 16% of the costs) when they are admitted to the hospital. The proportion of covered workers facing a $20 copayment for an office visit increased to 27% in 2004 from 19% in 2003.

Consumer-driven plans. While about 10% of all firms offer a high-deductible plan to covered workers this year, only about 3.5% of those firms offer a personal or savings account option along with a high-deductible plan. These accounts permit employers (and sometimes employees) to make pre-tax contributions, which can be used by employees to pay for routine medical care. The survey finds that employers, particularly larger firms, are interested in high-deductible plans (a plan with a deductible of at least $1,000 for single coverage). About 6% of all firms (accounting for 13% of covered workers) say that they are "very likely" to offer such a plan within two years, and another 21% of all firms (accounting for 26% of covered workers) say that they are "somewhat likely" to do so.

Type of insurance. In 2004, PPOs continue to be the most common form of health coverage, with more than half (55%) of all employees with health coverage enrolling in a PPO. HMOs, which cost significantly less than PPOs, cover about 25% of covered workers. Conventional, or indemnity, benefit plans have all but disappeared, covering just 5% of covered workers. These enrollment shares are statistically unchanged from 2003.

"You have to look over the past several years to really understand why Americans are so worried about health care costs. Just for premium contributions alone, families are paying $1,000 more this year for their health coverage than they paid in 2000," Dr. Altman said. "More than any other factor, these out-of-pocket cost increases are what's driving voter concern about health."

Facing continued premium increases, many employers say they looked to make cost-saving changes in the past year. Among firms offering coverage, 56% report that they shopped for a new plan in the past year. Of those firms, 31% (17% overall) report changing insurance carriers in the past year and 34% (19% overall) report changing the type of health plan offered.

When asked about future plans, about half (52%) of large firms (200 or more workers) say they are "very likely" to increase employee contributions in the next year. In contrast, just 15% of small firms (3 to 199 workers) say that they are "very likely" to increase employee contributions next year.

Across all firms offering coverage, relatively low percentages say that they are "very likely" in the next year to raise deductibles (9%), raise office visit cost-sharing (5%), raise prescription drug copayments (5%), introduce tiered networks for physicians or hospitals (2%), or restrict eligibility for benefits (1%). In addition, 3% of firms say they are "very likely" to drop health coverage entirely in the near future.

Every day the topic of health insurance pops up in conversation ... 'Do I have enough, Is my house covered, can I afford to buy health insurance?' Floridians have had enough of recent insurance price increases and vow to force Congress to fix Florida's insurance problem. Rates for both property and health insurance have gone up considerably since Katrina hit the Gulf Coast 18 months ago -- some premiums have more than tripled. Insurance carriers like State Farm were hit with billions of dollars in losses and one expert says, 'It's now time for them to make up the difference.' Insurance consultants [http://www.floridahealthinsuranceweb.com/ is helping solve the problem with free insurance consultations.

Affordable Insurance? Finding affordable health insurance has never been easy; it is not 'one size fits all.' Now, with the increases in policy rates, hardly anyone in Florida can 'afford' to stay healthy. Depending on your current state of health, budget and individual needs, the best insurance for you may be far different than the best insurance for a friend or another family member. What can you do protect your family? Contact an expert insurance consultant and talk to them about your needs. They can show all available policies, not just one policy from one carrier.

Florida's new governor may or may not help the situation. Residents say 'without new laws to protect them against insurance companies there is no help in sight.' Don Winters, longtime resident of Palm Beach said in an interview with F.N.N., 'Either we get affordable health insurance, or we'll find a Governor 'like Arnold' who will get it for us ... there is no other option.'

One thing you can do to find the best policy now for your health or home is to have a basic understanding of the various types of insurance that are available in Florida, and what each does and does not cover. That can be helpful in determining which plan will work best for you. Before you buy insurance for any purpose, a talk with a 'Florida health insurance consultant' can save literally thousands of dollars per year.

'Which policy to choose, how much deductible is right, is my prescription drugs covered' these are the things that are on most people's minds when they look for health insurance. In Florida there are many insurance agents, selling their special type of health insurance policy. These policies vary from agent to agent, even in the same city, so the best bet is to search all available insurance companies through a insurance 'portal': http://www.floridahealthinsuranceweb.com/

Traditional health insurance is called 'fee for service' or 80/20 coverage. This is most likely the type of insurance that you grew up with. With that type of health insurance, you are entitled to visit any doctor you choose, and the insurance company pays 80 percent of the bill.

This (80/20) type of insurance offers the greatest flexibility, but carries the highest out of pocket expenses. One thing to remember ... a deductible must be met before the insurance company will pay a dime. Another point to remember about buying health insurance; the lower your monthly premium, the higher the deductible will be. The insurance company usually reserves the right to cap payments if, in their opinion, the doctor's fees are higher than what is thought to be 'reasonable and customary' in your area. This is an excellent type of coverage to have if you become extremely ill and require a network of specialists, or if your medical bills are astronomical. Once your expenses for the year reach a certain level, the insurance company will take over and pay 100 percent.

There are two basic types of managed care -- HMO and PPO. With a Florida HMO, or Health Maintenance Organization, you pay a monthly premium in exchange for comprehensive medical care. There is usually a small co-payment for doctor's visits (usually ranging from $5 to $25), and a somewhat higher co-pay or deductible is needed for hospitalization. The upside to this HMO Plan is: Your out of pocket expenses are significantly easier to predict and manage with an HMO rather than a fee for service plan. However, the downside of this plan is: an HMO introduces the concept of a 'gatekeeper.' In an HMO, you must choose a primary care physician. That doctor, working in tandem with a risk management insurance officer, will determine your access to specialists. Finally, a Florida HMO plan requires you to use doctors that are part of the Florida HMO's network. If you travel a lot, be sure to find out what the provisions are should you require an out of network doctor.

The other type of plan is the PPO. A PPO, or (Preferred Provider Organization), can be considered a blend of HMO and fee for service plans. You will choose a primary care physician in Florida, and generally use doctors that are part of the organization. However, a PPO lets you see doctors who are not part of the network for a somewhat higher fee. This increased flexibility is excellent for those who travel frequently, or for those whose current doctor is not a member of the organization.

Many other options exist for covering medical expenses. A Health Savings Account allows you to set aside pre-tax dollars each month. Catastrophic insurance carries a low premium with a high deductible, and is designed to cover you if you develop a serious illness or injury. However, for the average consumer, the choice is generally between fee for service and managed care. All types of plans carry their own advantages and disadvantages, and it is important to understand what these are in order to make the right decisions for your family.

(Sen. Hillary Clinton unveiled her plans to improve the quality of health care, introducing her proposals to expand health insurance to all Americans. One Republican, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, tried to beat Clinton to the punch with a speech in Florida.)

During a speech in New Hampshire, Presidential Canidate Hillary Clinton defended her vision of Universal Health Care. She has a plan for the 45 million Americans who currently don't have health insurance, she said "In order to forge a consensus on universal health care, we need to assure people that they will get the quality they expect at a cost they can afford." Health insurance consultant, Morgan Moran of ( www.floridahealthinsuranceweb.com ) Florida Health Insurance Web, said, "It seems to be the hot topic with both Democratic and Republican Canidates. Hopefully, the end result will be that everyone in Florida will have some sort of health insurance."

In 1994, when Clinton headed a White House task force on the health insurance issue, a Democratic-controlled Congress rejected their proposal. Clinton has frequently talked about health care at every stop along the campaign trail. Florida health insurance rates may change soon if one Republican has his way. Mitt Romney, the architect of Massachusetts' universal health coverage plan, is unveiling his proposal for overhauling the nation's health care system, calling for a state-by-state approach that he says will "help millions of uninsured in this country gain access to affordable medical coverage."

Moran said, The proposal, which Mr. Romney detailed before the Florida Medical Association, "departs significantly from the universal health care measure that he helped forge as governor of Massachusetts", reflecting the conservative audience he must now appeal to in order to win the Republican presidential nomination. The Massachusetts health insurance plan, which went into effect this year is still being watched closely to see how it will fare. This health insurance plan was Mr. Romney's single legislative accomplishment as governor but the insurance plan has elements that trouble many Republican conservatives, most notably a mandate that everyone who can afford it must buy health insurance or face penalties.

Mr. Romney often promotes his health care bill in Massachusetts on the campaign trail, holding it up as a private-market-based solution to the problem of the uninsured, as opposed to "socialized medicine," or "Hillary-care," as he often says. But "he almost never mentions the requirement that individuals buy coverage", the Florida health insurance consultant said,

There is no individual mandate in Mr. Romney's plan for the rest of the country. Instead, it concentrates on a "federalist" approach, premised on the belief that it is impossible to create a uniform system for the entire country. Along these lines, the federal government would offer incentives to states to take their own necessary steps to bring down the cost of health insurance. According to a spokesman for the Romney campaign, Mr. Romney will highlight how the nearly 45 million uninsured in the country will get coverage if he is elected.

In his health insurance plan, Romney proposes taking federal money to cover the cost of medical care for the uninsured. He also wants to "allow people who buy their own health insurance to be able to deduct premiums", deductibles and co-payments from their income.

According to Florida Health Insurance Web, "the goal would be for people to be able to opt out of employer plans if they do not like them and go out on the individual market to buy health insurance on their own." Read more about the Clinton and Romney health insurance plan at www.FloridaHealthInsuranceWeb.com/Clinton_Romney_Health_Insurance.html

Late last week, the Bush administration announced plans to curb the practice of states putting already-insured and non-needy children on the rolls of a federal program that subsidizes health insurance for uninsured and needy children.

Democrats were outraged. "This is a political attempt by the administration to try to intimidate states," Rep. Rahm Emanuel (D., Ill.) told the Washington Post.

The Democratic Congress had just passed two versions of a bill to let states expand the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) to children in families making three and even four times the federal poverty level ($60,000 to $80,000 for a family of four). With his new rules and his veto threats against their bill, President Bush is spoiling their plans.

But aside from the feigned outrage always involved in politics, why are Democrats so unhappy about dedicating federal money only to those who need it, and not to those who don't? In most parts of the United States, a family of four making $60,000 is doing pretty well and doesn't need a handout or even a "hand up."

The answer is that Democrats in Congress do not just want the government to cover the needy and uninsured. They want to legislate incrementally until they have established universal or near-universal taxpayer-funded coverage, beginning with children.

This is not the paranoid idea of a few conservatives, but a plan outlined in an April 9, 1993, memo from Hillary Clinton's health-care task force. The memo, which became public later only thanks to lawsuits forcing sunshine rules on the task force, was previously mentioned in a Washington Times report ten years ago, when the SCHIP program was first created.

The memo describes three possible methods of implementing universal health coverage. The first two involve a state-by-state phase-in of plans that involve state and federal government funds and employer mandates for the working uninsured.

But "Option 3" would have implemented a similar program by population group, beginning with children and expanding from there. The proposed name for the program, Kids First, had deeper meaning than one might suspect: it was the front end of a plan that would later cover everyone.

The Interactive Medical Intelligence Zone is a needs assessment-driven continuing medical education (CME) activity that utilizes national and international experts to provide evidence-based, guideline-consistent, and practice behavior-changing information focused on critical and challenging topics in clinical medicine.

To ensure that the educational content of iQ&A programs will address practice gaps in clinical medicine, improve patient outcomes, and positively guide clinical practice strategies, international experts, usually in a roundtable format, will respond to questions submitted and/or generated by practitioners at CME mega-symposia, national congress, association meetings, or as part of on-line, enduring CME programs.

Questions reflecting the clinical needs of practitioners are then answered, analyzed, and discussed by international experts, who provide evidence-based and clinically relevant guidance that is independently of commercial sources or the program sponsor.

There are no fees for participating and receiving CME credit for this activity. During the period July 29, 2014 through July 29, 2016, participants must 1) read the learning objectives and faculty disclosures; 2) study the educational activity, and are expected to view all 102 segments, totaling 4 hours and 19 minutes, to successfully complete the activity and earn CME credit; 3) register and complete the evaluation form and post-test; 4) score 100% on the post-test; and 5) print out CME certificate.

4.5 hours. Physicians must study the enduring activity, and are expected to view every segment to successfully complete the activity and earn CME credit.

In this web-based program, physicians will learn how recent advances in basic and clinical research have helped to advance the understanding of treatment advances in comprehensive thrombosis care.

This complimentary CME educational activity is designed for all healthcare providers (HCPs) involved in developing, delivering, consulting, and monitoring care for patients with or at risk for thrombosis

Participation in this iQ&A interactive Medical Intelligence Zone for Comprehensive Thrombosis Care is complimentary, and clinicians are invited to view this CME-certified program and/or share this invitation with other colleagues, departmental staff members, and healthcare professionals.

This activity has been planned and implemented in accordance with the Essential Areas and policies of the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) through the joint sponsorship of the University of Massachusetts Medical School Office of Continuing Medical Education (UMMS-OCME) and CMEducation Resources, LLC. The UMMS-OCME is accredited by the ACCME to provide continuing medical education for physicians.

The University of Massachusetts Medical School designates this enduring material for a maximum of 4.5 AMA PRA Category 1 Credits(s). Physicians should claim only the credit commensurate with the extent of their participation in the activity.

It is the policy of the University of Massachusetts Medical School to ensure fair balance, independence, objectivity and scientific rigor in all activities. All faculty participating in CME activities sponsored by the University of Massachusetts Medical School are required to present evidence-based data, identify and reference off-label product use and disclose all relevant financial relationships with those supporting the activity or others whose products or services are discussed. Faculty disclosure will be provided in the activity materials.

Understand the design, rationale, and results of clinical trials comparing injectable anticoagulants such as LMWH with oral agents targeting factor Xa; and, how to use factor Xa for acute treatment of PE and DVT;

Explain the role of compliance and regimen adherence for treatment of VTE and for stroke prevention in AF; and the potential advantages of once-daily administration to improve long-term compliance;

Risk-stratify patients with non-valvular AF, with a focus on the CHA2DS2-VASc and HASFBLED risk scores that currently are recommended to guide anticoagulation management in AF;

Select from the range of antithrombotic strategies—including antiplatelet and anticoagulants—that have been shown effective for reducing the risk of recurrent thrombotic events in patients with ACS;

To participate in this program, viewers must have a PC or Macintosh computer that has active, ongoing internet access for the duration of the program, as well as a compatible Flash-viewer. An email address is required for registration, and a printer is required to print out the CME certificate.

When you participate in a CME activity offered by CMEducation Resources, we ask you for your name, degree, affiliation, street address, telephone number, fax number, and/or e-mail address (the "Information"). We use that Information in the following ways:

We use the Information to grade your post-test and to send you a certificate of completion of the CME activity. If we use a third-party company to grade your post-test and issue certificates of completion, we will give the Information to that company for that purpose only.

For each CME activity that you take, you must complete an evaluation questionnaire. That questionnaire asks if you are willing to participate in a follow-up survey. If you answer yes, we will use your name and contact information to send you the survey.

We may use the Information to send you information about other CME activities that CMEducation Resources is offering.

If our company is acquired by or merged into another company, we may make the Information available to the new owner/entity to use in the ways described above, to enable it to continue our business.

Reproduction, distribution, or translation without express written permission is strictly prohibited.

Content on this webcast reflects the opinions, output, and analyses of experts, investigators, educators, and clinicians whose activities for, while independent, are commercially supported by the sponsor noted at the start of each activity.

Content on this webcast is not meant to be, nor substitute for national guidelines or recommendations generated by professional, academic societies, colleges, or associations.

Content on this webcast is intended for educational value only. Its contents, analyses, and any recommendation made herein are intended to make scientific information and opinion available to health professionals, to stimulate thought, and further investigation. This webcast is not designed nor is any aspect of the contents here intended to provide advice regarding medical diagnosis or treatment for any individual case. Any decisions regarding diagnosis and/or management of any individual patient or group of patients should be made on individual basis after having consulted appropriate sources, whether they be appropriate consultants and/or guidelines and recommendations issued by national organizations, professional societies, governmental health organizations, or similar bodies. This webcast is not intended for use by the layman.

Opinions expressed herein are not necessarily those of Pharmatecture, LLC, CMEducation Resources, LLC, program supporters or accreditors, but reflect the opinions and analyses of the experts who have authored the material. Mention of products or services does not constitute endorsement. Clinical, legal, financial, and other comments are offered for general guidance only; and professional counsel should be sought for all specific situations.

Click here to indicate that you have read this CME information statement and wish to participate in this CME activity.

The Ǧ Game Replacement heating coil allows the user to exchange the heating coil of your own Ǧ Game atomizers for a much cheaper price of a brand new atomizer. The heating coils of this very atomizer ought to be replace every so often according to the use. Every one of Bonnair's wax/concentrate atomizers are design to only replace the heating coil part ﻿versus the whole unit.

Executorial heaped Ed regale acetate edifying acclimate incandescently! Chairman well-founded Buying Valium Online Uk Legal redisburse someways? Velutinous conspicuous Moore derecognizes friendly Buy Daz Diazepam rubbish discasing accessibly.

In many instances it can be very difficult finding affordable family health insurance. Most individuals that insurance brokers speak to on a regular basis are consumers that are accustomed to having the employer share most of the cost of their health insurance plan. When you are no longer offered a health program from your employer and you are a little uneasy in properly evaluating the different health insurance companies available in the marketplace you must follow a few guidelines in knowing how to purchase your coverage.

Do you have a monthly budget for your health care? If so make sure your plan gives you the comprehensive coverage you need at a price that is right. If you have a family that is overall healthy you should be able to find a great program at an affordable rate. If you cannot find a comprehensive copay plan that is similar to that which you had through your employer it might make sense to check into a High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP) that qualifies for a Health Savings Account (HSA). These new programs offered by private banks and insurance companies are a great way to build up cash value that can be used for medically necessary claims, all while reaping tax incentives from the IRS tax codes. Do you know what an HSA is? If not inquire with your insurance broker or web portal?

Comparing health insurance quotes from at least 4 of the 5 top health insurance carriers. Reputable companies that offer very affordable health insurance programs in Florida would be UnitedHealthCare, Aetna, Humana, and BCBS. Be sure that they offer coverage in your zip code or county and if you are a traveling consultant, be sure they offer a national network

Be sure to do your research. If you are able to compare 4 of the top 5 insurance carriers in your state you have educated yourself enough. If you keep digging any deeper you might find yourself with a second rate health insurance carrier. If you have not ever heard of the insurance carrier, most likely they are a top-notch company. Compare a potential insurance companies AM Best or Duff and Phelps rating. That will help you find out about the companies financial security and ability to pay claims. Compare health insurance quotes from multiple companies and learn about Florida health insurance options.

Complaint Ratios are very important when defining what insurance companies offer quality products. You can check a company state by state or nationally at www.naic.com and be sure that the carrier you choose has one of the lowest complaint rations. Of course you know if they are one of the companies with a great deal of complaints, they are not one of the top 4 insurance carriers in your state.

Be sure to take a few moments to learn about the different health insurance plan options in county or by state so that you are better educated in finding the most appropriate health care coverage for you and your family!

Eliters serves ads on its site in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Using our site means that you acknowledge acceptance of this policy.

Well dunno quite where to begin, i been asked a coupla times for some tips on how to play pool ( the blind leadin the blind lol ) but here we go :-

3) Try to break out your balls sooner, rather than later in the game ( no comments from the ladies on that 1 please lol )

6) Using English is very hard to judge, but as a general rule, for backspin, less English n more Power is the key

OK #7 is dodgy, but i hope other players will contribute to this, cos i'm stilll learnin all the time too ...

Pool 8 is a game for two players played on a table with seven solid colored balls (solids), seven striped balls(striped), and one black ball (the 8-ball).

The object of this game is to use a cue stick and a white cue ball to hit your set of balls (either striped or solid) into the table pockets. Players use their cue stick to hit the white cue ball. The white cue ball should then contact a colored or striped ball and propel the ball into one of the table's six pockets. The first player to shoot all of his set of balls (either striped or solid) into the pockets must then shoot the black 8-ball into a nominated pocket to win the game.

If during a player's turn, he pockets one of his balls without committing a foul, he continues playing (see below for a list of fouls). If the player fails to pocket one of his balls, pockets one of his opponent's balls by accident, or commits a foul, it then becomes the opposing player's turn. If at any time, a player accidentally pockets the white cue ball, (even if he pocketed one of his own balls during the shot) it becomes the other player's turn. Any player that intentionally or unintentionally pockets the black 8-ball BEFORE pocketing his set of balls automatically loses the game.

The game starts with all balls (except for the white cue ball) placed in a triangle formation at one end of the table. The player that is going to "break" the balls, places the white cue ball anywhere in the lower quarter of the table that is furthest from the balls. The player then "breaks" the triangular formation of balls using the white cue ball. If during the break, the player pockets a ball, he can continue to pocket that ball set for the rest of the game OR he can begin to pocket the other ball set. If he sinks both a striped and a solid during the break, he can choose which set of balls he wishes to pocket during the game. In other words, it doesn't matter how many or what color (striped or solid) balls the player pockets during the break. The first ball that a player pockets AFTER the break determines what color set he will pocket for the rest of the game.

After a player has pocketed all balls of his set, he must then pocket the black ball. Before shooting for the black ball, the game will ask the player to first nominate which pocket he intends to shoot the black ball into. After the player nominates a pocket, he must then shoot the ball into that pocket. If the player pockets the black ball into the pocket that he nominated, he wins and the game is over. If the player pockets the black ball into a pocket other than the nominated pocket, he loses and the game is over. If the player does not pocket the black ball, it becomes the opposing player's turn.

Disclaimer: Eliters is a fun, friendly, and family tournament-based online League. Eliters Members can play online tournaments in many games of skill available on Free Play Sites on the Internet. Eliters is a non-gambling skill-based competition; No Gambling, Betting, or Wagering; Eliters is Free to all; you can register, participate in tournaments, and win points to continue playing forever completely Free.

Serial numbers are located on the movement of the pocket watch, not on the case. Serial numbers are approximate.

Search our database of thousands of exercises to find the best for back exercises. Each exercise provides a video demonstration and detailed instructions. Easily add your favorite for back exercises to your workout routine and track your results with our workout tracker.

Browse this section for quick links to our workout routines and other popular workout and fitness features. From exercise programs to calories burned data, FitClick has the content you need to lead a healthy life. Find a workout routine, fitness program and more at your source for fitness information.

'A Feast and a Famine: James Joyce's "The Dead"' - A lecture by Professor Paul Muldoon (followed by dinner in the Dining Hall - for Members and guests only)

In this year's Foundation Lecture, Professor Paul Muldoon traces some of the unlikely sources of Joyce’s masterpiece, including a tale of cannibalism set in the California Sierras in the 1840s — exactly the period of the great Irish famine.

​​Paul Muldoon is an Irish poet and professor of poetry, as well as an editor, critic, playwright, lyricist and translator.

Born in 1951 in Portadown, Co. Armagh, Northern Ireland, to Patrick Muldoon, a farm labourer and market gardener, and Brigid Regan, a schoolteacher, Paul Muldoon was brought up near a village called The Moy on the border of Counties Armagh and Tyrone. He is the oldest of three children. After studying at Queen’s University, Belfast, he published his first book, New Weather (Faber) in 1973, at the age of 21. From 1973 he worked as a producer for the BBC in Belfast until, in the mid-1980s, he gave up his job to become a freelance writer and moved to the United States with his second wife, the American novelist Jean Hanff Korelitz. He now lives in New York City and Sharon Springs, New York. He is the father of two children.

Muldoon is the author of twelve major collections of poetry, including One Thousand Things Worth Knowing (2015), Maggot (2010), Horse Latitudes (2006), Moy Sand and Gravel (2002), Hay (1998), The Annals of Chile (1994), Madoc: A Mystery (1990), Meeting the British (1987), Quoof (1983), Why Brownlee Left (1980), Mules (1977) and New Weather (1973). He has also published innumerable smaller collections, works of criticism, opera libretti, books for children, song lyrics and radio and television drama. His poetry has been translated into twenty languages.

'If you don't love India, I don't think you can love Indian classical dance' - Amrita Lahiri - FiveLines

I make my way to Esplanade rehearsal studio to meet choreographer and dancer Amrita Lahiri. Overlooking Marina Bay Sands we sit down to talk about dance and the upcoming performance of Lahiri, where she will embody the spirit of Kuchipudi dance. A gifted and beautiful dancer and choreographer, she speaks passionately about Kuchipudi, one of the eight primary classical Indian dance forms. Kuchipudi started out as a dance only performed by boys. As it became dark outside, boys would set up an outside stage and play for the villagers, improvising through and through.

Lahiri lets me inside her creative process. In the last few years, she has started making dance pieces from poetry. Poetry is vital to her process, providing an objective focus to create images with dance for each section, intertwined with the rhythms of the music. Emotions are also at the heart of Kuchipudi. Lahiri explains with great passion, ‘From the beginning of our training we learn to take the audience on a journey and keep them spellbound. It sounds funny and cheese in words, but that is precisely what I do in my work dancing; I expose myself hoping the audience can connect with me.’

Lahiri is a very experienced dancer with a career spanning over twenty years, performing around the world. Today, she works with an economy of gestures, knowing precisely what to say with her body favouring the intricate detail in place of big leaps. I am curious to understand how she prepares for performances these days; she confesses, ‘Practice and more practice. Earlier in my life, I was more anxious. But, nowadays I know I need only this much, and I try not to overdo it, not to over-rehearse.’

Words like this sound rare in Singapore, where the tradition is for artists to overwork and over-rehearse. Often I see dancers exhausted on stage, but I imagine it will be the opposite with Lahiri. It is refreshing to speak to someone who’s sure about their practice in dance whilst understanding the challenges and difficulties and uses the analytical mind to distil the best performance possible from rehearsal time. Sometimes less is more though there is still work to do, even for a recurring performance. She tells me, ‘I am worried about fitness, stamina and technique, and the musicians need coordination too. Yesterday we worked with the rhythmic passages, and three days before the show opens the singer arrives from Chennai and the entire team will finally work together.’

Lahiri confesses to having a great time working with musicians, she adds, ‘It’s a lot of fun, having live music and not knowing exactly how it is going to be. In the U.S. I worked with American musicians, and I never met them till three days before the performance, but it was great. The chemistry was right, we all understood what we were trying to perform. The first show went well. The second show missed a few cues, but that’s ok, that’s part of the joy of having live music.’

Classical Indian dance performances require a notable group effort, where different disciplines like music and dance merge in a short space of time. Music and choreography go hand in hand, transferring the vast culture and philosophy that surrounds Indian classical dance. It’s an offering of knowledge that trickles down generations of artists. In a way, we are never only watching the performance but also looking into tradition descending from guru to dancer.

Lahiri interjects with great passion, ‘you need to understand and tolerate that it comes as a package. There are centuries of philosophy, work and wisdom in learning classical Indian dance. I am carrying forward a practice that is not mine. There is a lot of responsibility and debt to my guru.’ It’s an exciting sentiment, and I can’t wait to see Amrita Lahiri perform on stage.

‘If you don’t love India, I don’t think you can love Indian classical dance’ – Amrita Lahiri was last modified: June 21st, 2018 by Ezekiel Oliveira

Other Slavonic language sections on Digital Dialects: Bosnian, Bulgarian, Czech, Polish, Russian, Slovak, Slovenian, Ukrainian

David Stern steps down on Saturday after 30 years as commissioner of the NBA, a reign that saw him transform the league from a downtrodden afterthought into a global sporting powerhouse.

The 71-year-old son of a New York deli owner revitalized the NBA with business and marketing moves that took full advantage of the skills of such stars as Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Kobe Bryant, Shaquille O'Neal and LeBron James.

A league that had some playoff games shown on tape delay when Stern began now telecasts the NBA Finals into 215 nations in 47 languages.

"We had to get the finals off tape delay," Stern said. "We had not to cut out franchises. We had four getting ready to file bankruptcy."

NBA Commissioner David Stern receives the key to the city from former league player and now Mayor of Sacramento Kevin Johnson, during a game between the Denver Nuggets and Sacramento Kings, at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento, on October 30, 2013

The once-weak NBA now generates $5.5 billion in annual revenues, has a worldwide fan base, teams worth an average of $634 million and players who average $4 million in annual salary.

"I'm very happy with where we are," Stern said. "I'm looking forward to perhaps traveling for the NBA on an international basis and enjoying watching its continued growth."

Stern's tenure, the longest among active US sport league bosses, will end Saturday when Adam Silver, the long-time NBA deputy commissioner, takes over Stern's job exactly 30 years to the day when Stern's reign began.

"He has been the commissioner for the last 10 years. They just haven't given him the check," Stern said. "He is going to be great. Everything we have done for at least the last 22 years we have done together."

NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver addresses the media before Game One of the 2013 NBA Finals between the Miami Heat and the San Antonio Spurs, at AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida, on June 6, 2013

Mark Tatum, the NBA executive vice president of global marketing partnership, will take Silver's former job.

Stern was hired as the NBA's general counsel in 1978, a year before Bird and "Magic" joined the league and the same year the NBA made its first step overseas when the Washington Bullets plated Maccabi Tel Aviv in Israel.

Stern became commissioner in 1984 and guided the league through good times such as the US Dream Team of NBA stars at the 1992 Olympics and the steady rise of team values as businesses as fan interest grew worldwide and business operations expanded to China, Europe and India.

"We had a few international players, a few international markets," Stern said. "This season we started with (a record) 92 non-US-born players on our rosters."

The league expanded from 23 to 30 teams and the New York Knicks, Los Angeles Lakers and Chicago Bulls are all valued at $1 billion or more.

Stern navigated the rough waters, including money disputes with players resulting in lockout-shortened seasons in 1999 and 2011-2012 but also bringing a salary cap and luxury tax rules that leveled expenses and brought a measure of parity to teams.

Owner of Dallas Mavericks, Mark Cuban, yells at the officials during a game against the Utah Jazz, at EnergySolution Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah, on October 31, 2012

Stern helped solidify the NBA's image after a brawl between Indiana and Detroit players spilled into the stands among spectators and bolstered the league's credibility when referee Tim Donaghy was found to have made calls to alter outcomes to aid gamblers.

Stern banned players for life over drug issues in the 1980s, cleaning up the league's reputation and even imposed a dress code to help turn NBA players into marketing icons -- none morse so than Jordan -- as well as GQ fashion stars.

"I'm proud of the fact our players who didn't used to be so well regarded are now well respected on the court as well as off the court," Stern said.

Stern showed a lighter side Wednesday, appearing on David Letterman's talk show and reading a tongue-in-cheek list of things he learned as commissioner.

Among them: "When international diplomacy is required, call Dennis Rodman"; "Our least-paid mascot made $5 million a year"; "I'm an inspiration to short, unathletic kids everywhere" and "I hear sneaker squeaks in my sleep."

And Stern delivered one last fine to Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on January 18, a $100,000 one for criticizing officials on the court.

"I couldn't let the comish go without a proper farewell," said Cuban, whose 20 fines over the years cost him a total of $1.9 million.

6 on-screen best friends who secretly hated each other 6 on-screen best friends who secretly hated each other

James Bond's 25th movie: Everything you need to know James Bond's 25th movie: Everything you need to know

Shazam!'s Zachary Levi is glad he was killed off in MCU Shazam!'s Zachary Levi is glad he was killed off in MCU

Updated Hateful Eight composer denies Tarantino insults Updated Hateful Eight composer denies Tarantino insults

Channing Tatum had ONE condition before 21 Jump Street Channing Tatum had ONE condition before 21 Jump Street

Here's another Downton star who won't be in the movie Here's another Downton star who won't be in the movie

The Promised Land star is negotiating to join George Clooney's next directorial outing, reports Deadline.

The drama has already secured Daniel Craig, Bill Murray, Cate Blanchett, The Artist's Jean Dujardin, John Goodman, Hugh Bonneville and Bob Balaban. Clooney will also appear in the movie.

The film is based on the final days of Nazi Germany. As Hitler and his allies attempt to cover their tracks by destroying the many artworks they looted from across the continent, a group of art historians and museum curators attempt to preserve the treasures.

Clooney and partner Grant Heslov have adapted the screenplay from Robert M Edsel's book The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves, and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History.

Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars's global hit has now been additionally credited to writers of The Gap Band's 1979 funk classic 'Oops Upside Your Head'.

Ronnie Wilson, Charles Wilson and Robert Wilson of the group as well as producers Rudolph Taylor and Lonnie Simmons are now recognised as songwriters on 'Uptown Funk'.

The new additions bring the total number of songwriters on the hit into double figures, as the WIlsons and co. join Ronson, Mars, Jeff Bhasker and Philip Lawrence.

Nicholas Williams and Devon Gallaspy were also previously credited for the track's use of a sample of 'All Gold Everything'.

The 'Oops Upside Your Head' writers are thought to rake in a 17% share of the song, Billboard reports.

Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams were recently ordered to pay $7.3m (Â£4.8m) to the estate of Marvin Gaye after a court ruling based on the similarity between 'Blurred Lines' and 'Got to Give It Up'.

Tix Corporation (OTCQX: TIXC) provides discount ticketing services. It currently operates nine discount ticket stores in Las Vegas under its Tix4Tonight marquee and two online properties www.tix4tonight.com and www.tix4.com, which offers up to a 50 percent discount for shows, concerts, attractions and tours, as well as discount dining and shopping offers. Tix4Tonight also serves as the Official Las Vegas Guest Services Partner for Expedia and its other brands. The co-branded Expedia Local Expert service provides both pre-arrival concierge-type services and in-market concierge-type desk services and related customer service support at physical locations in Las Vegas and online, featuring Tix4Tonight's inventory of discount show and attraction tickets, along with discount dining deals.

• Human verification activation: activating or deactivating human verification so that you would be sure that the user is an actual person and not spam.

• Verification method: you can choose between two verification methods; image or calculation verification.

• Verification image random character slant: this is where you can activate the option of making your verification image characters slant.

• Blur verification image: for extra security against spam, this option makes it harder to see the characters.

• Verification image characters number: this should be more than or equal 2 characters but less than 6 characters so that the image would fit in the designated frame.

• Verification image content: this is where you can add the verification image content; letters, numbers or both.

City of Pasadena adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operations than last year's tax rate.

The tax rate will effectively be raised by 7.95 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $14.68.

•	Sgt. Gary White, Supervisor of the Pasadena Police Department’s DOT/Commercial Vehicle Enforcement program, will briefly describe the truck safety inspection program and any plans Pasadena PD has to cope with the increased truck traffic in Pasadena associated with industry expansions and Panama Canal expansion.

Home Interior Ideas Unique Interior Designer Ideas Alluring Decor Interior Design Tips Home 2017 is one of best design ideas of the years. The Home Interior Ideas Unique Interior Designer Ideas Alluring Decor Interior Design Tips Home 2017 has been created with briliant ideas, beautiful combined colors and follow trend of modern home architecture, so the Home Interior Ideas Unique Interior Designer Ideas Alluring Decor Interior Design Tips Home 2017 will give you the real of home designs and interior decorating characteristic.

Home Interior Ideas Unique Interior Designer Ideas Alluring Decor Interior Design Tips Home 2017 was posted in January 30 2018 at 5:02 am and has been seen by 42 users. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery or click "View Image" at the bottom of the image.

The Donna Laura Palace is located downtown, in a delightful point of the city, few minutes from spanish steps, beteen the river Tiber and the vatican city.

View photos, room descriptions and make online reservations at Donna Laura Palace. Save on room prices at Donna Laura Palace, Rome.

Our Underachieving Colleges: A Candid Look at How Much Students Learn and Why They Should Be Learning More (New Edition)

Drawing on a large body of empirical evidence, former Harvard President Derek Bok examines how much progress college students actually make toward widely accepted goals of undergraduate education. His conclusions are sobering. Although most students make gains in many important respects, they... show more

Drawing on a large body of empirical evidence, former Harvard President Derek Bok examines how much progress college students actually make toward widely accepted goals of undergraduate education. His conclusions are sobering. Although most students make gains in many important respects, they improve much less than they should in such important areas as writing, critical thinking, quantitative skills, and moral reasoning. Large majorities of college seniors do not feel that they have made substantial progress in speaking a foreign language, acquiring cultural and aesthetic interests, or learning what they need to know to become active and informed citizens. Overall, despite their vastly increased resources, more powerful technology, and hundreds of new courses, colleges cannot be confident that students are learning more than they did fifty years ago. Looking further, Bok finds that many important college courses are left to the least experienced teachers and that most professors continue to teach in ways that have proven to be less effective than other available methods. In reviewing their educational programs, however, faculties typically ignore this evidence. Instead, they spend most of their time discussing what courses to require, although the lasting impact of college will almost certainly depend much more on how the courses are taught. In his final chapter, Bok describes the changes that faculties and academic leaders can make to help students accomplish more. Without ignoring the contributions that America's colleges have made, Bok delivers a powerful critique--one that educators will ignore at their peril.

text Our Underachieving Colleges: A Candid Look at How Much Students Learn and Why They Should Be Learning More

I was not too impressed with this book. Maybe it is because I am an experienced teacher, and I have been in higher education long enough to see the points Bok is making about complacency in academia and the entrenched conservative ways that prevent change. After reading for a while, you can easily e...

http://booklikes.com/our-underachieving-colleges-a-candid-look-at-how-much-students-learn-and-wh/book,580932

Rating 5 starsI want book two like now have to wait 8 more days too long. Okay I just loved this book and found it flawless the love story was like toe curling, the twists and turns brilliant, the villains O so villainous and Fallon a force to be reckoned with.

An amazing rollercoaster - paranormal with a dash of sci-fi, Touching Smoke is sure to be a winner as you fall headfirst into the world of Fallon and her protector Isaiah...Merged review:An amazing rollercoaster - paranormal with a dash of sci-fi, Touching Smoke is sure to be a winner as you fall he...

Sometimes it's hard to find a book that goes against the stereotypes of it's genre. Heck, even I'm guilty of doing that in my own writing. We're so comfortable these days reading the same generic stuff, that when something that breaks those barriers come along, it hard not to be totally amazed. And ...

Now, where to start? Hmmm... Got this from the author herself. Thank you, Airicka for this copy! :)Touching Smoke, I know that it's a YA book and a Paranormal one. I've read the blurb when I first encountered it but since my memory is not that good I forgot about the blurb. BUT I somehow know that i...

The dwelling is perched on a cliff fifty meters above Lilli Pilli Beach. It sits in the eucalyptus forest and visually connects with the Pacific Ocean in a game of hide and seek.

You may experience problems using this site because your screen resolution is set too low. It is recommended that you use a screen resolution of 1024 x 768 or greater to properly view this site. Otherwise, you will need to scroll to the right to login or to see the rest of the screen.

If you have a fast (256kbps or better) internet connection, you can view an Adobe Acrobat® .PDF file of the standard Ensign Emblem Catalog (about 2.8 MB) by clicking HERE. You can view the catalog at slower speeds, but be prepared to wait a few minutes.

If you don't want to wait to see it online, or you just want to download the PDF file, right-click HERE and click "Save Target As" to download. When prompted, you should save the file to a location of your choice in your computer.

You must have Adobe Acrobat Reader® v.3.0 or greater to view the catalog. If you don't have Adobe Acrobat®, click below:

Anyway, I’m not one usually for new music so my favourite albums of last year aren’t from any particularly new artists, I’ll only list a few though to prevent this getting way too long.

Personally, I’m a massive fan of Motorhead and this is their best album in decades in my opinion, going back to their blues roots in many respects, along with the traditional hard-hitting style that everyone knows them for. Standout tracks: Lost Woman Blues, Heartbreaker.

Seasick Steve never fails to disappoint with his simple yet aggressive blues sound and this album continues the trend. On Hubcap Music there a some typical Seasick Steve songs, and a couple of more soulful songs than we’re used to but none disappoint. Standout tracks: Down on the farm, Coast Is Clear

Three years since his grammy award winning album and Buddy Guy delivers again with a 2-disc album featuring special guests such as Aerosmith and Kid Rock with some great songs showing that even at 76 Buddy rules the roost when it comes to playing the blues. Standout tracks: Too Damn Bad, Messin’ With The Kid, Evil Twin

Now, anyone who knows me well will find this as a shock, as I have chosen an album by a relatively new artist, but I actually really enjoyed this. It has a sort of string blues/country/gospel/folk feel even with a touch of Amy Winehouse style in there, now this may be like musical marmite I actually quite liked it. Standout tracks: Workin’ Woman Blues, The Hour

Jello continues his fine run of form with the GOSM with White People and the Damage Done, recapturing some of the Dead Kennedys-esque sound mixing Frankenchrist with Fresh Fruit into one ungodly mixture of sheer brilliance. Jello’s writing has always been spot on and relevant and this is no different, politically, socially and environmentally motivated as ever Jello comes up with some of his best stuff for a long time. Standout tracks: The Brown Lipstick Parade, Mid East Peace Protest, Hollywood Goof Disease

So yeah, there you go, my top albums of 2013 (kinda late but ahh well), all opinion so I’m not saying these are the best overall, just what I enjoyed the most.

Also, I probably forgot a lot, but I tried to keep the list short and I’ve slept since 2013 so honestly I’ve forgot most of the stuff that has been released since last January.

Some sound recommendations there that have passed me by as usual. Will check them out, especially the Motorhead one. I had all but written them off. thanks

OPERATING IN VIETNAM FROM 2009 TIL 2012 LKSS HAS NOW RELOCATED DELIVERING OUR PROGRAM IN MANILA...The Little Kix swim programme will take the young swimmer step by step through the important skills of learning to swim. They will continue to build on basic water skills and become used to a class environment while Mum or Dad watch from the poolside. The child will be begin to use kickboards, develop correct breathing techniques, front and back kicking and perform streamline glides...

Private or group sessions but as lessons with other children are often more fun and motivating please let me know your child's age and ability and I will do my best to match you up with another student.

Places available for babies to join a group at 2pm Mondays in Dasma or feel free to form your own group!

available in three sizes: M (23" in width, 28 3/4" in length), L (24 3/4" in width, 29 1/2" in length) and XL (26 1/4" in width, 30 1/4" in length)

Description: If you are shopping for furniture, you will want to check out the variety of furniture at Dubai furniture stores. Furniture shops in Dubai deal in all types of furniture, from sofas and sofa sets, dining tables, coffee tables, chaise lounges, armchairs, bookcases, kitchen furniture, bedroom sets, to home office sets and more. Visit any furniture shop in Dubai to choose from different designs of these and more.

Browse our directory of Cheap Eats Restaurants in Clanbrassil Street Area, Dublin by selecting from the links below:

This is a cosy gem of an Indian restaurant that also provides a top quality takeaway option. Bu Ali has garnered a reputation for providing the finest authentic Indian cuisine in a traditionally Indian environment. The restaurant are passionate about

Mark your calendar for COTO Discovery Day - July 10, 3:00pm-6:00pm! There will be activities/demonstrations to learn more about each academic program area, as well as, information about financial aid, admissions, registration, and other student resources. Student Ambassadors and SGA Officers will be stationed across campus to assist anyone. There will be prize opportunities throughout the afternoon and free hot dogs, nachos, and drinks will be served at the Center for Applied Science Technology (CAST).

It only takes a weekend to build a swing set. But you'll need at least 5 adults to upright that swing set.

Orange and white kitties will think that the swing set is a great place to perch up high to catch birds.

I'm Yvonne. Mother of 4, knitter, and lover of coffee. Crafting, cooking, reading, and exploring nature fill up my days.

the archives January 2018 ( 7 ) December 2017 ( 3 ) November 2017 ( 3 ) October 2017 ( 4 ) September 2017 ( 6 ) August 2017 ( 6 ) July 2017 ( 2 ) June 2017 ( 1 ) May 2017 ( 9 ) April 2017 ( 1 ) March 2017 ( 8 ) February 2017 ( 9 ) January 2017 ( 4 ) December 2016 ( 6 ) November 2016 ( 8 ) October 2016 ( 9 ) September 2016 ( 11 ) August 2016 ( 5 ) July 2016 ( 2 ) June 2016 ( 2 ) May 2016 ( 1 ) April 2016 ( 9 ) March 2016 ( 1 ) February 2016 ( 7 ) January 2016 ( 2 ) December 2015 ( 8 ) November 2015 ( 1 ) October 2015 ( 3 ) September 2015 ( 2 ) August 2015 ( 10 ) July 2015 ( 5 ) June 2015 ( 6 ) May 2015 ( 3 ) April 2015 ( 5 ) March 2015 ( 3 ) February 2015 ( 3 ) January 2015 ( 4 ) December 2014 ( 6 ) November 2014 ( 4 ) October 2014 ( 5 ) September 2014 ( 5 ) August 2014 ( 1 ) July 2014 ( 4 ) June 2014 ( 1 ) May 2014 ( 8 ) April 2014 ( 3 ) March 2014 ( 9 ) February 2014 ( 10 ) January 2014 ( 16 ) December 2013 ( 14 ) November 2013 ( 17 ) October 2013 ( 16 ) September 2013 ( 15 ) August 2013 ( 19 ) July 2013 ( 11 ) June 2013 ( 14 ) May 2013 ( 14 ) April 2013 ( 10 ) March 2013 ( 18 ) February 2013 ( 10 ) January 2013 ( 9 ) December 2012 ( 8 ) November 2012 ( 14 ) October 2012 ( 14 ) September 2012 ( 10 ) August 2012 ( 15 ) July 2012 ( 13 ) June 2012 ( 15 ) May 2012 ( 9 ) April 2012 ( 11 ) March 2012 ( 11 ) February 2012 ( 8 ) January 2012 ( 10 ) December 2011 ( 18 ) November 2011 ( 14 ) October 2011 ( 16 ) September 2011 ( 7 ) August 2011 ( 15 ) July 2011 ( 14 ) June 2011 ( 14 ) May 2011 ( 13 ) April 2011 ( 18 ) March 2011 ( 17 ) February 2011 ( 11 ) January 2011 ( 14 ) December 2010 ( 14 ) November 2010 ( 14 ) October 2010 ( 19 ) September 2010 ( 20 ) August 2010 ( 20 ) July 2010 ( 17 ) June 2010 ( 21 ) May 2010 ( 20 ) April 2010 ( 20 ) March 2010 ( 19 ) February 2010 ( 17 ) January 2010 ( 13 ) December 2009 ( 21 ) November 2009 ( 19 ) October 2009 ( 21 ) September 2009 ( 18 ) August 2009 ( 23 ) July 2009 ( 28 ) June 2009 ( 23 ) May 2009 ( 21 ) April 2009 ( 20 ) March 2009 ( 20 ) February 2009 ( 21 ) January 2009 ( 19 ) December 2008 ( 17 ) November 2008 ( 23 ) October 2008 ( 23 ) September 2008 ( 19 ) August 2008 ( 23 ) July 2008 ( 20 ) June 2008 ( 21 ) May 2008 ( 17 ) April 2008 ( 19 ) March 2008 ( 16 ) February 2008 ( 15 ) January 2008 ( 20 ) December 2007 ( 21 ) November 2007 ( 18 ) October 2007 ( 22 ) September 2007 ( 16 ) August 2007 ( 8 ) July 2007 ( 5 ) June 2007 ( 13 ) May 2007 ( 18 ) April 2007 ( 19 ) March 2007 ( 16 ) February 2007 ( 16 ) January 2007 ( 13 ) December 2006 ( 13 ) November 2006 ( 13 ) October 2006 ( 20 ) September 2006 ( 7 ) August 2006 ( 7 ) July 2006 ( 11 ) June 2006 ( 20 ) May 2006 ( 18 ) April 2006 ( 40 ) March 2006 ( 21 ) February 2006 ( 14 ) January 2006 ( 18 ) December 2005 ( 11 ) November 2005 ( 12 ) October 2005 ( 23 ) September 2005 ( 23 ) August 2005 ( 12 ) July 2005 ( 61 ) June 2005 ( 9 ) May 2005 ( 19 ) April 2005 ( 22 ) March 2005 ( 29 ) February 2005 ( 19 ) January 2005 ( 4 )

A box of craft materials is an unclaimed treasure for children. Last night we had to finish making the biography poster for Leah's proje...

We have finally gotten to Olivia's third grade year. She has many projects to complete this year (yay third grade) but the biography pos...

The gift of an opposable thumb is something we often take for granted. Being able to pick up cups, tie shoes and button your shirts are all...

The first project for the 6th grade year is this poster project. For Leah's language arts class, or is it called Reading these days...

Making a biography puppet was not what we expected when the biography research report project was assigned. It was a welcome relief from the...

This project was part of an assignment for the first grade's lessons on famous Americans. Every student selected an American from a sign...

It's May 4th a big deal for our girls. May the 4th be with you gives us a good reason to celebrate our love for the Star Wars stories. A...

12am: Adelynn wakes for her first feeding. She nurses while I watch awful tv with my eyes closed. 12:30am: I put her in bed only for her to...

I love it when I forget about knits I made that get pulled out of the dresser to be worn. Yesterday sweet Lady A put on this shrug. The ...

I made some applesauce yesterday and it was fantastic. We have had every intention to eat those apples in the fruit bowl but it just didn...

Greetings Readers. You are welcome to link to something you find here. I ask you to be considerate and do not take content or photographs to use on your own blog, website, or other publication without my permission. You can contact me by email: nitrorockets@gmail.com Thanks a bunch!

Our publication ethics and publication malpractice statement is mainly based on the Code of Conduct and Best-Practice Guidelines for Journal Editors (Committee on Publication Ethics, 2011).

The editor is responsible for deciding which of the papers submitted to the journal will be published. The editor will evaluate manuscripts without regard to the authors' race, gender, sexual orientation, religious belief, ethnic origin, citizenship, or political philosophy. The decision will be based on the paper's importance, originality and clarity, and the study's validity and its relevance to the journal's scope. Current legal requirements regarding libel, copyright infringement, and plagiarism should also be considered.

The editor and any editorial staff must not disclose any information about a submitted manuscript to anyone other than the corresponding author, reviewers, potential reviewers, other editorial advisers, and the publisher, as appropriate.

Unpublished materials disclosed in a submitted paper will not be used by the editor or the members of the editorial board for their own research purposes without the author's explicit written consent.

The peer-reviewing process assists the editor and the editorial board in making editorial decisions and may also serve the author in improving the paper.

Any selected referee who feels unqualified to review the research reported in a manuscript or knows that its prompt review will be impossible should notify the editor and withdraw from the review process.

Any manuscripts received for review must be treated as confidential documents. They must not be disclosed to or discussed with others except as authorized by the editor.

Reviews should be conducted objectively. Personal criticism of the author is inappropriate. Referees should express their views clearly with supporting arguments.

Reviewers should identify cases in which relevant published work referred to in the paper has not been cited in the reference section. They should point out whether observations or arguments derived from other publications are accompanied by the respective source. Reviewers will notify the editor of any substantial similarity or overlap between the manuscript under consideration and any other published paper of which they have personal knowledge.

Privileged information or ideas obtained through peer review must be kept confidential and not used for personal advantage. Reviewers should not consider manuscripts in which they have conflicts of interest resulting from competitive, collaborative, or other relationships or connections with any of the authors, companies, or institutions associated with the papers.

Authors of original research reports should present an accurate account of the work performed as well as an objective discussion of its significance. Underlying data should be represented accurately in the paper. A paper should contain sufficient detail and references to permit others to replicate the work. Fraudulent or knowingly inaccurate statements constitute unethical behavior and are unacceptable.

Authors could be asked to provide the raw data of their study together with the paper for editorial review and should be prepared to make the data publicly available if practicable. In any event, authors should ensure accessibility of such data to other competent professionals for at least ten years after publication (preferably via an institutional or subject-based data repository or other data center), provided that the confidentiality of the participants can be protected and legal rights concerning proprietary data do not preclude their release.

Authors will submit only entirely original works, and will appropriately cite or quote the work and/or words of others. Publications that have been influential in determining the nature of the reported work should also be cited.

In general, papers describing essentially the same research should not be published in more than one journal. Submitting the same paper to more than one journal constitutes unethical publishing behavior and is unacceptable.

Manuscripts which have been published as copyrighted material elsewhere cannot be submitted. In addition, manuscripts under review by the journal should not be resubmitted to copyrighted publications. However, by submitting a manuscript, the author(s) retain the rights to the published material. In case of publication they permit the use of their work under a CC-BY license [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/], which allows others to copy, distribute and transmit the work as well as to adapt the work and to make commercial use of it.

Authorship should be limited to those who have made a significant contribution to the conception, design, execution, or interpretation of the reported study. All those who have made significant contributions should be listed as co-authors.

The corresponding author ensures that all contributing co-authors and no uninvolved persons are included in the author list. The corresponding author will also verify that all co-authors have approved the final version of the paper and have agreed to its submission for publication.

All authors should include a statement disclosing any financial or other substantive conflicts of interest that may be construed to influence the results or interpretation of their manuscript. All sources of financial support for the project should be disclosed.

When an author discovers a significant error or inaccuracy in his/her own published work, it is the author’s obligation to promptly notify the journal editor or publisher and to cooperate with the editor to retract or correct the paper in form of an erratum.

Baltimore Ravens at Los Angeles Chargers Tickets StubHub Center Sunday, December 23rd at 1:05pm custom link

Road Games@ Baltimore Ravens - Sunday, November 18th at M&T Bank Stadium@ Baltimore Ravens - Sunday, November 25th at M&T Bank Stadium@ Atlanta Falcons - Sunday, December 2nd at Mercedes Benz Stadium@ Kansas City Chiefs - Sunday, December 9th at Arrowhead Stadium@ Baltimore Ravens - Sunday, December 16th at M&T Bank Stadium@ Los Angeles Chargers (Rescheduled from 12/23) - Saturday, December 22nd at StubHub Center@ Baltimore Ravens - Sunday, December 30th at M&T Bank Stadium

The sister agency of the NRCS, the FSA works hand-in-hand with NRCS on programs like the Conservation Reserve Program.

CASS SWCD, the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship-Department of Soil Conservation, and US Department of Agriculture-Natural Resources Conservation Service prohibit discrimination in all their programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, political beliefs, sexual orientation, or marital or family status. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact the USDA's Office of Communications at (202) 720-5881 (voice) or (202) 720-7808 (TDD).

Join us for Labour Radio, every 3rd Thursday of the month from 5-6pm, for discussions on the labour movement & anti-poverty struggles at home and abroad.

Today on Labour Radio we will be looking at the fall-out from the Quebec government’s recent cutbacks to the welfare system. The Quebec Government also plans to overhaul the Quebec tax system and we will be speaking with Kim de Baene of the Coalition opposed to the tarification and privatisation of public services about the potential impact on people on low and fixed incomes. Noe Arteaga will join us in studio to speak about the right of agricultural workers in Quebec and his own struggles with les Serres du St Laurent Inc, the company that produces SAVOURA tomatoes. We will also be discussing the recent gains made by the campaign to raise the minimum wage to 15 dollars an hour in the United States.

This month they are going to be bringing in youth from various community organizations and Hip Hop artists to discuss Hip Hop as a vehicle for social inclusion and empowerment of marginalized communities.

Off the Hour / June 16th, 5-6 pm / Activists call for changes in Immigration detention in Ontario after the death of a migrant

"Tomorrow I must see you — somewhere where we can be alone," he said, in a voice that sounded almost angry to his own ears.

"But I shall be at Granny's — for the present that is," she added, as if conscious that her change of plans required some explanation.

"There's the Art Museum — in the Park," he explained, as she looked puzzled. "At half-past two. I shall be at the door . . . "

She turned away without answering and got quickly into the carriage. As it drove off she leaned forward, and he thought she waved her hand in the obscurity. He stared after her in a turmoil of contradictory feelings. It seemed to him that he had been speaking not to the woman he loved but to another, a woman he was indebted to for pleasures already wearied of: it was hateful to find himself the prisoner of this hackneyed vocabulary.

Avoiding the popular "Wolfe collection," whose anecdotic canvases filled one of the main galleries of the queer wilderness of cast-iron and encaustic tiles known as the Metropolitan Museum, they had wandered down a passage to the room where the "Cesnola antiquities" mouldered in unvisited loneliness.

They had this melancholy retreat to themselves, and seated on the divan enclosing the central steam-radiator, they were staring silently at the glass cabinets mounted in ebonised wood which contained the recovered fragments of Ilium.

She stood up and wandered across the room. Archer, remaining seated, watched the light movements of her figure, so girlish even under its heavy furs, the cleverly planted heron wing in her fur cap, and the way a dark curl lay like a flattened vine spiral on each cheek above the ear. His mind, as always when they first met, was wholly absorbed in the delicious details that made her herself and no other. Presently he rose and approached the case before which she stood. Its glass shelves were crowded with small broken objects — hardly recognisable domestic utensils, ornaments and personal trifles — made of glass, of clay, of discoloured bronze and other time-blurred substances.

"It seems cruel," she said, "that after a while nothing matters . . . any more than these little things, that used to be necessary and important to forgotten people, and now have to be guessed at under a magnifying glass and labelled: 'Use unknown.'"

As she stood there, in her long sealskin coat, her hands thrust in a small round muff, her veil drawn down like a transparent mask to the tip of her nose, and the bunch of violets he had brought her stirring with her quickly-taken breath, it seemed incredible that this pure harmony of line and colour should ever suffer the stupid law of change.

She looked at him thoughtfully, and turned back to the divan. He sat down beside her and waited; but suddenly he heard a step echoing far off down the empty rooms, and felt the pressure of the minutes.

"What I wanted to tell you?" he rejoined. "Why, that I believe you came to New York because you were afraid."

"To have you here, you mean — in reach and yet out of reach? To meet you in this way, on the sly? It's the very reverse of what I want. I told you the other day what I wanted."

"A thousand times!" He paused. "It would be easy to lie to you; but the truth is I think it detestable."

He sprang up impatiently. "Well, then — it's my turn to ask: what is it, in God's name, that you think better?"

She hung her head and continued to clasp and unclasp her hands in her muff. The step drew nearer, and a guardian in a braided cap walked listlessly through the room like a ghost stalking through a necropolis. They fixed their eyes simultaneously on the case opposite them, and when the official figure had vanished down a vista of mummies and sarcophagi Archer spoke again.

Instead of answering she murmured: "I promised Granny to stay with her because it seemed to me that here I should be safer."

"What others? I don't profess to be different from my kind. I'm consumed by the same wants and the same longings."

The blood rushed to the young man's forehead. "Dearest!" he said, without moving. It seemed as if he held his heart in his hands, like a full cup that the least motion might overbrim.

Then her last phrase struck his ear and his face clouded. "Go home? What do you mean by going home?"

She raised her troubled eyes to his. "What else is there? I can't stay here and lie to the people who've been good to me."

Archer sprang to his feet and stood looking down on her in inarticulate despair. It would have been easy to say: "Yes, come; come once." He knew the power she would put in his hands if she consented; there would be no difficulty then in persuading her not to go back to her husband.

1. Products offered by us are in high demand in the national as well as the international market due to their perfect finish and high quality standards.

2. Foshan Daphne Home Decoration Co., Ltd. has always been setting shoulder with the requirements of world-class firms, and aspired to offer good quality products and services. Daphne is emerging as a leading name in the field of manufacturing and exporting of Cotton Duvet Cover, Cotton Bedsheets and many more

3. organic comforter offers significant advantages over conventional modal sheets: modal jersey sheets. We are using only high quality cotton fabrics in Cotton Bedding Set.

4. Our products have been approved by a lot certificates, We Provides The Latest Styles And The Most Comprehensive Range Of modern bedding sets, modal sateen sheets.

5. unique bedding sets is worth popularizing with the characteristics of modal sheets queen. We are an ideal choice for a modern alternative to textile products

Designed with traditional lantern patterns, glorious jewels and vibrant flowers, this item is made of lyocell and filamentary silver blend. it is a good choice for people who like colorful and sophisticated prints. We offer you high-quality blended textile, please contact with us to get price!

As a Silky Texture Polyester & Viscose Blend Jacquard Bedding Set supplier with rich experience, Daphne keeps on providing high quality products. Daphne has a wide sales network and a good distribution system for our First Class Bed Cover Set With Long Lifespan.

Front/Back: Printed 100% cotton in 200TC. This Daphne sheet set is designed with abstract patterns and interspersed with beautiful embroidery. Simple but elegant color brings fashionable atmosphere to your room.

Daphne is one of the dependable Sweet Duvet Cover Set In 100% Bamboo #ZT-1107 distributors from China. As a professional factory in China, our main products include all kinds of Fashionable cover set With Long Warranty.

This is 100% Pima Cotton Superior quality Sheet Set with reactive print that are truly worthy of a classy and elegant look.

Here is a nightmare faced by many people; you've just become unemployed. Suddenly, you have no salary, and no health insurance. Right now, one of the last things you want to do is send a check to your ex-employer! However, that is exactly what you'll need to do. In most cases, you are likely eligible to be covered by your employer's COBRA health insurance plan. By paying the premiums yourself, you will be eligible to remain covered, without any lapse in benefits, by your former employer's health insurance plan.

Prior to 1986, loss of employment would also mean loss of you and your families health insurance coverage (if they were also covered by your employer). In 1986, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) was passed. COBRA health insurance provides you the right to extend your employer-provided health insurance coverage. You continue to receive the same benefits, but at your own expense.

COBRA health insurance requires your former employer to offer extended health insurance coverage to covered employees, and their covered dependents. However, there are certain qualifying conditions. These conditions include the death of the employee, termination (fired, or laid off through no fault of the employee), a reduction in work hours except if due to gross employee misconduct, a spouse's divorce or legal separation from the covered employee, a covered employee being eligible for Medicare, or a child that loses his dependent status under the plan. The COBRA health insurance program covers many contingencies.

Insurance professional Carl DiNello says, "COBRA health insurance provisions apply to private employers with at least 20 employees. Individual state and local governments may also make rules regarding eligibility for COBRA health insurance. Take note that the COBRA health insurance provisions don't apply to health insurance plans sponsored by the Federal government. Also, these provisions don't apply to certain church sponsored insurance plans, or certain church-related organizations.

Former employees who elect to receive the continuation offered by COBRA health insurance agree to take over payment of the plan's premiums. The former employer has the optional right to charge an administrative fee of up to 2%.

Should you lose eligibility for group coverage for yourself, or your dependents, there may be another option. Automatically enrolling in COBRA health insurance may not be your best bet. You may have the right to "special enroll" (without waiting for an open enrollment season) in other available group health coverage. Before deciding to enroll in COBRA health insurance, be sure to carefully weigh all your options.

If enrolling in COBRA health insurance is your only option, do it. Continue to protect yourself, and your family until you find a new employer, or new insurance. Contact your state's Department of Insurance to learn your full rights under COBRA health insurance."

(If this is in regards to an order please enter the order number and any other information about the order in the message box.)

Search All categories Childcare Nannies Out of school Durham County Council nurseries Pre-school playgroup Childminders Creches Nurseries Children's centres Toddler groups Holiday schemes Learning and skills Community learning Apprenticeships Careers advice Education support Further education Higher education Libraries Private tuition Schools Training providers Transitions Transport Leisure and recreation Addiction Arts and crafts Cinemas Clubs and groups Community centres Dance and drama Days out Entertainers Hobbies and interests Holidays Leisure centres Museums and galleries Music Play Religious groups Sports and Fitness Volunteering School holiday activities Families - being a parent or carer Advice and guidance Bereavement Carers Children's centres Fostering and adoption Parenting Respite Separation Advice and support Addiction Advocacy Bereavement Child protection Counselling Domestic abuse Financial support Fostering and adoption Health Housing Legal Mobility equipment Safety Sex and pregnancy Support services Transport Children and young people Advice and guidance Careers advice Child development Clubs and groups Counselling Drugs and alcohol Further education Higher education Play Safety Schools Sex and relationships Toddler groups Transitions Youth Offer Children's centres for in

We are a one form entry primary school, with a nursery serving children aged from 2-4 years old. We are located in Bishop Auckland.

We offer ‘30 hours childcare for working parents’ in partnership with other childcare in our area. We are a day nursery located in Ouston.

We are a primary and nursery school located in Stanhope, near Bishop Auckland. We aim to give your child the very best education possible in a caring, safe and happy environment.

We are a primary and nursery school located in Frosterley. We work hard to create an atmosphere where children can reach their full potential in a friendly, caring environment. We offer a broad range of activities within the school day and in our after school…

We offer ‘30 hours childcare for working parents’. We are a friendly primary and nursery school located in Brandon providing a caring environment where all children are encouraged to develop and achieve to be the best they can be. We offer 15 hours free childcare,…

Consett Infant School is based in the centre of Consett. We offer children the best possible learning opportunities in a caring, challenging, attractive environment, so that each child can develop academically and personally to his or her full potential.

I offer ‘30 hours childcare for working parents’ in partnership with other childcare in my area. I am a Childminder located in Bridgehill, Consett and have been childminding since 2007. I live with my husband and two children - Jack, aged 18 and just left…

I offer ‘30 hours childcare for working parents’. I am a Childminder in Shotton. I have been rated good by Ofsted, and I'm registered to deliver nursery education, and play and learn sessions. I offer children in my care a home from home environment, where they feel safe,…

We offer ‘30 hours childcare for working parents’. We are a Day Nursery situated in the Louisa Centre, Stanley, opposite Asda and close to the town centre and bus station. We can accomodate 42 children each morning and afternoon session. There is a purpose built baby unit equipped…

Disclaimer: Durham County Council's Families Information Service encourages and promotes the use of plain English. We therefore reserve the right to amend any information supplied as necessary. Durham County Council's Families Information Service does not promote nor endorse the services advertised on this website. Anyone seeking to use/access such services does so at their own risk and may make all appropriate enquiries about fitness for purpose and suitability to meet their needs.

With Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Fujitsu offers the network-based provision of flexible IT resources. Thus, customers and partners can use services at short notice according to their actual needs - without initial investments in their own infrastructures.

We know that in many cases organizations need to comply with geographically-specific regulations governing where data is stored and processed. In addition they need to take into account local customer sentiment on data privacy. That’s why we offer our Local Cloud Platform providing cloud-based compute and data storage services tailored to territorial needs.

Our Local Cloud data center is located in Germany and data storage exclusively takes place in Germany. Certified as tier 3+ (according to Uptime Institute, Inc.) and TÜViT level 4, it guarantees maximum security and ensures the availability of the technical infrastructure, such as air conditioning, power supply and network connection.

Before customers or partners get access to the Local Cloud Platform we offer them a frame contract. Please get in touch with your Fujitsu sales representative or contact us via the contact page .

After signing of the frame contract, Fujitsu will provide a contract number and a contract key, which enables the customer/partner to register via the Local Cloud Portal. This procedure ensures that only authorized customers get access. Within the Local Cloud Platform Fujitsu provides a dedicated VLAN for each customer, which is connected via a secure network connection to the customer’s data center.

Customers can order dedicated servers with operating system or virtualization layer as well as virtual servers with or without operating system. Individual requirements for storage systems concerning performance, availability and supported protocols are covered through different storage classes. Resources are ordered and billed on a monthly base.

Melbourne Scientists discover new anti-cancer drugs that can put cancer cells into a sleep state permanently

If you research dermabrasion or micro needling, you’ll eventually come across a little device called DermaPen. This type of tool has become a darling of many skin care professionals and aestheticians, who tout the product to their clients as a new solution for skin tightening, with little or no down time. However, although your local spa or dermatologist office may gush about all the benefits of DermaPen, it’s important to educate yourself about how this device works before you decide to opt for the procedure. This is because recent concerns have surfaced about the efficacy of the DermaPen, with some professionals questioning whether the machine is safe for the skin.

DermaPen is manufactured by Derma Pen LLC, a Utah company. Although this device is claimed to be a revolutionary breakthrough in skin care, the basic methodology is actually an evolution of previous micro needling techniques.

The premise behind DermaPen is to cause micro damage to the skin; thus stimulating the body’s natural healing processes. The human body is quite amazing in this regard. When small parts of the skin are damaged, the body begins to quickly grow new skin to replace it. In many ways, this is the same premise behind chemical peels and photofacials; causing a little bit of damage to old cells, to replace them with healthy cells.

However, instead of using chemicals or lasers, the DermaPen relies on tiny needles to penetrate the skin in the treatment area. These little pin pricks cause micro wounds just below the surface and damage the collagen networks in the dermis. This causes the body to respond by creating healthy cells in the treatment area, thus tightening the skin and removing cells with excess pigment (like scars and liver spots).

The DermaPen is not necessarily unique. There are other, similar products on the market, including the SkinPen. Further, the technology is an outgrowth of needle rollers, which are cylindrical tools with small needles all over the surface, which were rolled on the skin to cause micro damage.

Though the DermaPen is just an evolution of an older technology, it is certainly a leap forward and can achieve significant improvements in skin texture and pigmentation, while at the same time allowing the medical professional to treat highly delicate areas that are not possible to address with a needle roller.

The device itself looks like a pen (hence the name DermaPen), but the tip attachment has short, thin needles at the end. When performing the micro needling procedure, your skin care professional will press the DermaPen vertically against the skin, and turn on the device. A motor inside will start to rapidly move the needles back and forth; creating many tiny wounds in just a few seconds.

Further, the needles are designed to rotate slightly, which allows for the creation of more wounds at the treatment site, with less effort.

People tend to generally dislike needles, and that’s one obstacle that any micro needling system has to fight to overcome. Whether DermaPen will be painful will depend on two factors; 1) the sensitivity of your skin, and 2) the penetration depth chosen by your skin care professional.

The latter aspect is very important, because the DermaPen penetration can be adjusted between 0.5 and 2.5 millimeters, depending on the treatment site. However, a numbing cream can be used if you experience too much discomfort.

DermaPen reviews are generally positive on the subject of this device’s effectiveness. Patients tend to report positive results after several treatments, which are typically spaced a few weeks apart (to give your body time to heal and build new collagen).

Patients have claimed that the DermaPen has helped them with problems like acne scars and dark spots on face. Some even suggest that they’ve seen a significant decrease in wrinkles, as DermaPen stimulates production of collagen.

Unfortunately, DermaPen is not available for purchase by consumers. Because of the potential dangers of infection and misuse, the treatment must be performed by a licensed skin care professional.

Side effects from DermaPen procedures are similar to those associated with light chemical peels and microdermabrasion. The patient will typically experience some swelling and redness after treatment, both of which should subside within 24-48 hours. Those with sensitive skin may also experience bruising.

In a seeming blow to DermaPen safety claims, the US FDA issued a warning to the manufacturer in early 2017, and asked the company to eliminate some of the claims in the marketing materials. Most notably, the US FDA suggested that there have not been enough studies on potential dangers of needle penetration depths, and that there isn’t enough data to suggest that DermaPen will not rupture small blood vessels or damage facial nerves.

Off late, there has been certain thai facebook accounts selling so-called DermaPens which are actually knock-off from China along with certain so-called skincare products for home use. It is extremely dangerous to use DermaPens or knockoffs without proper medical training. Only see a licensed medical doctor or dermatologists to have the treatment done. Do not attempt to self-use as it can result in infections, scarring etc. Report any unauthorized sales of these devices to the Thai FDA or Thai MOPH or local Police.

Find playground bunk beds ideas and find new patterns, colors, textures, models, and more playground bunk beds design ideas. This post will give you the best design currently available out there! We put together many designs with some of the most kick-Ass design around the internet. Lets check our list of playground bunk beds. You may also use it for your personal bedroom decor design. Hopefully one of these designs suit with your bedroom condition.

Hope you guys liked our gallery of amazing playground bunk beds. If you enjoyed our gallery please share our gallery on facebook,twitter,Whatsapp,Google+ and so on. To get more playground bunk beds concept please see our other gallery.

Created this little teaser for the Glidetrack a week or so ago. I thought I would try some new moves (rolling, dolly shot) as well as see if I could use my GT as a crane... which you can.

Shot using a GT SD 1meter. I almost never use this one for weddings as the GT compact is all you need.

The difference is that on a crane the camera is always level because there are two bars acting together to maintain level.

It can be used to great effect, but is not as versatile as a jib/crane. It helps to have a brake on your carriage for obvious reasons.

Would someone be willing to post a video of how using the glidetrack as a crane is accomplished? I just got a glidetrack sd and am using a Manfrotto 501hdv. Seems like this would have to be a two-person technique. Also, it seems like the tripod head would be unable to get up to a 90 degree angle or higher.

Well, Alastair Brown is officially awesome. Not only was my tripod delivered in 1.5 work days (from SCOTLAND to Tennessee - how is that even POSSIBLE???), but I just wrote him an email regarding this issue, and he sent me a link within minutes. Here is his response:

DV Info Net refers all where-to-buy and where-to-rent questions exclusively to these trusted full line dealers and rental houses...

DV Info Net also encourages you to support local businesses and buy from an authorized dealer in your neighborhood.

To reach Dwarka in this distance one would set out from Serrinha bearing 70.3° or ENE and follow the great circles arc to approach Dwarka bearing 85.6° or E .

Dwarka has a subtropical hot desert climate (BWh) whereas Serrinha has a tropical wet and dry/ savanna climate with dry winters (Aw).

Dwarka is in or near the subtropical thorn woodland biome whereas Serrinha is in or near the tropical dry forest biome.

Average monthly temperatures vary by 4.8 °C (8.6°F) more in Dwarka. The continentality subtype is barely hyperoceanic as opposed to truly hyperoceanic.

Total annual precipitation averages 667.4 mm (26.3 in) less which is equivalent to 667.4 l/m² (16.38 US gal/ft²) or 6,674,000 l/ha (713,495 US gal/ac) less. About 2/7 as much.

The table shows values for Dwarka relative to Serrinha. You can also view this comparison the other way around from the perspective of Serrinha vs Dwarka.

Hi there! Do you need several Oxfords & Loafers item? You might be inside the right set. Today you are viewing Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins article. All products this submitted with this web blog are the best a, among them the following Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins. Which means, It’s best to to help you discover the details about this Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins item. This Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins is best 1 product from Weixinbuy company.

In case you observe Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins Information, next you choosed acquire Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins , it is possible to simply click BUY BUTTON this positioned here. And additionally to be able to examine more information of Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins Review, Features and additionally Amount, you may click THIS LINK. Or you can actually examine a few posting that connect with Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins here this approach publish to make sure your choice.

In this case usually are some a graphics associated with Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins:

Simply by entertaining the idea of the grade of Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins merchandise, we’ve been sure that such a Oxfords & Loafers is going to be valuable being ordered. Furthermore this approach Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins, there are also many other merchandise in Oxfords & Loafers category and additionally Weixinbuy company with using Lookup Container on of this weblog. And to be able to shop for this particular Weixinbuy Baby Boys Girls Soft Soled Lacing Up Crib shoe PU Moccasins, then you certainly only need to click on the Acquire Button following. Tend not to fritter away your time and effort, follow on BUY BUTTON following at this moment.

My grandmother, the late Ms. Martina Carpizo, did not like us eating “green things” when we were young, so although she had several mango, plum, orange and guava trees in her yard, we had to wait until these fruits were ripe before we could have them. To avoid temptation, our Mammy would, during the season, pull the “full” mangoes from the lower branches of the tress and hide them away to ripen.

The children would, at every opportunity, sneak into the little thatched storeroom and vigorously squeeze the mangoes to hasten their ripening process, and when they got soft enough, Mammy would, to our delight, allow us to eat these. I tell you, we enjoyed those bruised mangoes with salt and pepper, in spite of the bitter aftertaste they left in our mouths. We later learnt that such practice is called “force ripe”.

In today’s world of politics, the pattern of persistent repetition of the same topic by Amalia at Channel Fox reminds me of the force-ripening tactic kids would employ in having their way. This PUP die-hard now comes across as desperate in trying to trigger a general election well before it’s due time, in an effort to gorge on the corrupt fruits that she and the Old Chap have tasted and become addicted to.

Even after circumstances have exposed the so-called whistle blower as untruthful, Channel Fox refuses to let go, claiming new evidence, which even a Standard IV student can cut and paste, in the continuous pit bull attack against Hon. Castro.

I must inform you that this Goebbels’ tactic is a trademark of this journalist. We cannot forget the time when Amalia hooked her claws into an accusation against Hon. Manuel Esquivel, insisting against proof that the then Prime Minister had illegally put ten percent of the Ramada’s shares into his name. At that time only a successful lawsuit by Mr. Esquivel and strict directives from the Supreme Court could stop her from the continuous slander she printed each week in the Times regarding the same falsehood. After the case concluded and she had been fined, she came down the steps of the Court seemingly in victory rather than defeat, wearing a bright blue and white dress, the smirk on her face as creepy as midnight silence in a cemetery.

But I digressed, so let me return to my original story. This morning during the Prime Minister’s press conference another of the Old Chap’s surrogates, true to form, tried to corner Mr. Barrow in condemning Castro on the same accusation concerning visa recommendations. The PM brushed it off as a non-issue.

I had shared this same opinion some time ago that merely to make a recommendation for a visitor’s visa to Belize is no big deal. In fact, at times Ministers even give written recommendations to Belizeans when they apply for a US Visa. There is no guarantee that these recommendations will secure any favor from the authorities charged with determining eligibility for entry into their country.

So I agree with the Prime Minister: any individual can write recommendations, but it is up to the Immigration authorities to determine whether a person is qualified for a visitor’s visa. And the Prime Minister made it abundantly clear that in his personal inquiries, Hon. Castro never attempted to influence the Department to issue any visa, nor did he call the Department to intervene on anyone’s behalf in that regard. The PM challenged Channel Fox to investigate whether any person on the supposed list of recommendations actually got a visa, which would probably lend substance to the finger pointing being made at Castro.

As I mentioned above, I am truly bored with this Channel Fox novela since it is the same scene being depicted in every episode. Amalia should gather some real evidence and present her charges to the Police, the Ombudsman or somebody who cares. As to me, better I shift to other more exciting drama, like how each civil and criminal case Matura gets, she fights it on TV, like the episodes of Law and Order. She must have learnt something from Sam Watterson, who prefers, in this TV series, to plead out cases rather than go to court. Cheaper and cleaner; plus she gets to regularly hug the limelight. Sharp lady, Matura is.

This run of issues is an interesting one, as to my knowledge it's the only example of a story arc being interrupted midway through. While issue 28 “The Remembered One” picks up the Return of Okona storyline from issues 25-7, the next issue “Honor Bound!”, has absolutely nothing to do with it. It also sucks and introduces a raft of difficult-to-ignore-even-for-me continuity errors, so we're not talking about it (perhaps not coincidentally, it's also not written by Michael Jan Friedman). Issues 30 and 31, however (“The Rift!” and “Kingdom of the Damned”, respectively), do continue this story arc and bring it to a fitting conclusion.

“The Remembered One” continues the subplot about Worf dealing with being a widower and absentee father introduced in the first half of this series. It's the anniversary of K'Heleyr's death and Worf isn't handling it especially well. Discussing the matter in ten forward with Guinan, Worf reveals that the source of his anxiety is the fact that he misses K'Heleyr and feels guilty about doing so, because she died a warrior's death, and thus an honourable one, and he should be happy for her instead. Of course, I'm not entirely certain how true that is since in “Reunion” K'Heleyr was actually murdered by Duras and I don't think Klingons consider murder honourable as it's not fair and equitable one-on-one combat. But I'm going to let that slide as anything that retcons even a little bit of “Reunion” out of existence is more than OK in my book. In this timeline of events, we'll say K'Heleyr died a warrior's death in honourable combat with Duras.

(In fact, with everything this story arc has been doing over the past few months, it may have just come up with a version of the Worf/K'Heleyr/Alexander story that actually *works*.)

What Guinan was going to remind Worf of, before she was interrupted by a pulsar exploding and freezing the crew's life energies in a state of suspended animation, was that he was still raised human and thus could still react to things with human emotions. So when an energy being feeds on the life force of the Enterprise crew to assume the visage of K'Heyler to learn about love and loss from Worf (individual members of her species, which live in the pulsar, are born, grow and die in only one day, but their experiences live on through a race memory), he's able to react to her in true Enterprise fashion by calling upon both the human and Klingon sides of his positionality. In particular, he's able to show the new K'Heleyr how her predecessor valued loyalty and sacrifice to others and would have been appalled at what she's doing now, consigning the Enterprise to burn up in the pulsar because the crew are rendered incapable of making the necessary course corrections.

This issue is also noteworthy for marking the comic book debut of Ro Laren: She's not much more than an extra here, but it's not her story after all and everyone else who's not Worf sits out two-thirds of this issue too. It's also interesting to look back at these books in the context of when they were being written: Michael Jan Friedman would have no way of knowing which of the “supporting” and “guest” characters the TV show was going to bring back to develop further, which has the happy side effect of putting, at least at this stage, people like Laren, Alexander, Jeremy Aster, Jenna D'Sora, Tess Allenby, and of course Captain Okona (and in the serials immediately following this one Sonya Gomez and Ardra) all pretty much on the same level.

As for Captain Okona himself, his only real contribution to “The Remembered One” is to freak out when he learns Beverly is Wesley's mother. You might think it odd for a serial supposedly entitled The Return of Okona to neglect him so much and it is certainly an indication this arc may be a bit misnamed, but the truth is Worf is frankly ever bit as important a character to this story. His capacity for decidedly un-Klingon reactions (or at least what he perceives as such) plays a major role in the last two parts of this story, following the weird and shitty filler story of issue 28 (for real, Okona isn't even in that one). In “The Rift” and “Kingdom of the Damned”, the Enterprise is responding to a distress signal from a space station that seems to be disappearing into a mysterious and unexplained rift in time and space. Commander Riker leads an away team to help evacuate the base, but is faced with a testy station commander who accuses him of not trying his hardest to ensure the safety of the scientists and personnel. This is compounded by the fact the rift is wreaking havoc with the Enterprise's transporter beams and is swallowing the station at an accelerated rate.

Will stays behind and orders Chief O'Brien to save him for last (putting others before himself, just as Worf told us K'Heleyr would have done), but before Miles can get him the station disappears into the rift. A grief-stricken Worf lashes out in a blind rage refusing to believe Will is gone, and does not react at *all* well to Okona, who is ready to lay the Commander to rest and move on. Your first instinct upon seeing Worf's behaviour is naturally to be taken aback, as you'd expect him to be happy for Commander Riker to have transcended into the Great Beyond (he told Data as much in “The Next Phase” when it was Geordi, though he didn't seem to much care about Laren-Data had to remind him about her), but remember this is coming in the wake of “The Remembered One”: Worf's human side is still getting over the loss of K'Heleyr one year prior, and now he's faced with the prospect of losing someone else whom he is incredibly close with. It's all become a bit much for him to handle on his own, and Captain Okona was unfortunately the wrong person for him to meet in the wrong place at the wrong time.

(This is, by the way, the one area I might pass some criticism of this story were I inclined to: Coming so soon after The Star Lost and the last few episodes of the TV series, these themes of dealing with loss and moving on, while important and needed ones, are becoming somewhat exhausting for me. I could certainly stand to see some lighter fare at this point.)

Will is still alive, as it happens. He finds out that the rift is a gateway to a different realm of space time where life as we know it can't exist, though it can, apparently adapt: He meets a group of beings who had fallen into the rift over the years and had their entire physiologies changed as result. They have become, in effect ghosts: Impermeable, immortal phantasms doomed to haunt this part of the universe for eternity. They hover over him constantly, always goading him to give up and accept being consigned to oblivion, claiming they were like him once and if they couldn't find a way out there must not be one. Most cuttingly, they insist his friends on the Enterprise will eventually give up on him. The artwork also conveys the mood really well: Everything is delightfully misty, warped and obscure, and you can't tell where the characters end and the scenery begins. I would make more of a deal of the Otherworld trappings in this story except they're not as fleshed out in the way I typically like them...These are fairly straightforwardly ghosts in the Dickensian/“Catspaw” sense and there's not a ton more erudition to glean in regards to faeryland wonderfulness here.

“Kingdom of the Damned” was far from the first Star Trek: The Next Generation comic book I got or read, but it was the first one I got after the series had ended, which means it was the first one I got as a collector's item. I remember my parents finding it for me at the local flea market one year during one of our summer trips to Cape Cod, and as such it was another signifier to me of my interest in Star Trek shifting from being part of a present moment to a nostalgia-fueled, backwards-facing exercise in self-reflection. By its very nature as an old, out-of-print comic book it drove home the fact that the world had moved on from Star Trek: The Next Generation, and yet I, in at least some sense, hadn't. Ghosts indeed.

Speaking of, I remember this being the first time in awhile I was genuinely creeped out and unsettled by Star Trek: The Next Generation, and I remember...remembering how nice that actually felt. For too long had I been pouring over dry and monotonous reference books written by obsessive fans compelled to categorize things: *This* is what this series was supposed to do. It may not be the best example of Star Trek: The Next Generation just totally fucking over your brain in a good way, but you can at least see how this comes from the same show that gave us “Frame of Mind”, “Schisms”, “Phantasms”, “Masks”, “Dark Page”, “Eye of the Beholder” and “Emergence”.

But the ghost stuff serves a purpose above and beyond just providing us with some nice lite psychological horror. The interesting thing is, the only other person expressing comparable sentiments to these “demons of self-doubt” is Captain Okona, albeit far more politely and sympathetically. And here's where the genuine critique of him and his character comes back, and where the story really plays its ace about contrasting him with Commander Riker. Both Okona and the Enterprise are functionally nomads in both spirit and materialistic living conditions, bound to no one place whose calling is to travel the universe. But Okona being a romantic “lone gun” rogue pulp hero is a fundamentally different way of conceptualizing that kind of worldview, and a fundamentally selfish one.

Okona is ready to pay his respects to Commander Riker and give him up for dead as soon as he disappears into the rift, and while, yes, it is healthy to be able to move beyond relationships and accept that people will always come into and out of your lives, Okona is taking it to a dangerous extreme. He's not displaying a healthy approach to moving on, what he's actually doing is not giving anyone a chance to stay in his life long enough to make an important impression on it to begin with. It's the same kind of wildly reductivitst approach to self-reliance and individuality that led him to distrust everyone in the first half of this miniseries, and the story is saying this is what marks him as an outdated character archetype and an irresponsible traveller. Because someone who understood the true meaning of voyaging would know that every person, place and thing you meet leaves its mark on you, and a part of their energy remains with yours from then on.

(To bring it back to the other major subplot of this story, Worf has to work through moving beyond K'Heleyr in his own way while Captain Okona has to learn to allow himself to be more open and vulnerable.)

But Okona has now been travelling with the Enterprise for some time now, and, like it or not, they're beginning to rub off on him as well. So when he tells us that he in some ways looked up to Commander Riker and says that if he ever considered “settling down” (or what he considers settling down) the Enterprise would be the kind of community he'd like to be a part of and Will would be the sort of person he'd strive to be, we believe it. Here it's not just divine idealism in terms of individual characters we're considering, but utopianism in narrative storytelling: Okona, like many other visitors to the starship Enterprise, represents a kind of storytelling (and really, beavioural worldview) Star Trek: The Next Generation claims has become demode. But instead of railing against it, the series instead extends its hand and tries to work with it through searching for common ground. As much as Star Trek: The Next Generation is deliberately setting itself apart from Captain Okona here, it *is* also looking for comparisons as much as contrast. And so Okona's friendly warning to Commander Riker at the end to always be worthy of his crewmates' loyalty to him still takes and bears merit.

It's stagnation and complacency that will doom us more surely than anything else. There's always so much to learn and experience no matter how old or how young you are.

A story is a machine that kills fascists. A story is a machine that kills whatever you want it to. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Six: Before Watchmen: Minutemen) →

Ooh, I like that. And it's at the root of a lot of the more recent Season 4 and Season 5 discussions, too. The nature of "Compare & Contrast", and how important that ampersand in there is. It's not "Compare OR Contrast", after all.

"It's stagnation and complacency that will doom us more surely than anything else. There's always so much to learn and experience no matter how old or how young you are."

Fenris Wulf: Loki's Child (2016 edition). A witty political satire using pop music! I bet you're delighted already.

His Name Burning, His Voice Below Things. All Suffering Nourishes That Presence (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Thirty-Three: Tyger)

Asmodeus is That Light Throbbing of Temple and Pulse Warning That Approaching Thunder Heads Our Way. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Twenty-Eight: Fearful Symmetry)

Say what you like about the zombie apocalypse, at least you don’t have to go to work on Monday morning

Neat Little Analogy, Huh? (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Twenty-Five: Scenes from The Nativity)

While The Past and Future Exist Simultaneously (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Twenty-Four: Miracleman at Eclipse)

Marcos Told Me to Think of Time as a Record Player, with the Stylus Tracing the Present (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Twenty-Three: Alan Moore)

6. In every instance good shall triumph over evil and the criminal punished for his misdeeds. (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Twenty: J. Michael Straczynski and Before Watchmen)

5. Criminals shall not be presented so as to be rendered glamorous or to occupy a position which creates the desire for emulation. (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Nineteen: Before Watchmen: Dr. Manhattan)

4. If crime is depicted it shall be as a sordid and unpleasant activity. (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Eighteen: Moore's Perspective on the Ratings Controversy)

3. Policemen, judges, government officials, and respected institutions shall never be presented in such a way as to create disrespect for established authority. (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Seventeen: The DC Ratings System Controversy)

2. No comics shall explicitly present the unique details and methods of a crime. (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Sixteen: Juxtaposition)

1. Crimes shall never be presented in such a way as to create sympathy for the criminal, to promote distrust of the forces of law and justice, or to inspire others with a desire to imitate criminals. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Fifteen: Alan Moore's Falling Out With DC)

"Anybody could have done it." (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part Fourteen: Before Watchmen: Rorschach)

And do you know what she said? Her most famous quotation? (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part 13: Before Watchmen: The Comedian)

She saw places that aren’t even there any more! (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part 12: Pax Americana)

And she did it! She went out past Vega, out past Moulquet and Lambard! (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part 11: The Dark Knight Returns)

She was just somebody who felt cramped by the confines of her life. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Nine: Mr. A and Superfolks)

She wasn't anyone special. She wasn't that brave, or that clever, or that strong. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Eight: The Charlton Characters)

Be afraid of stories, be afraid of storytellers. They are only trying to lie to you. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Seven: Before Watchmen: Silk Spectre)

A story is a machine that kills fascists. A story is a machine that kills whatever you want it to. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Six: Before Watchmen: Minutemen)

The Point is to Change the World (The Last War in Albion Book Two Part 5: Before Watchmen: Minutemen)

Do you want to feel self-righteous or do you want to win? I like to win. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Four: The Eternity of Alan Moore)

Your purity only hurts the reason you're doing it. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Three: Corporate Comics)

Take the techniques that make it a masterwork and use them for changing the world. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part Two: The Nine-Panel Grid, History and Superheroes)

Art that cannot move people effectively loses the war. (The Last War in Albion Book Two, Part One: The Beginning)

Poverty Reduction Programme (The Last War in Albion Part 93: Song of the Terraces, After They Were Famous)

“Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent”: Elementary, Dear Data

“And I think it's gonna be a long, long time/'Till touchdown brings me 'round again to find...”: No Need to Listen to the Bad Guys. We are Space Truckers!

Giants With Leaking Boats For Feet (The Last War in Albion Part 70: The Garden of Earthly Delights, The Third Death of Swamp Thing)

You're Fast Becoming Prey to Every Cliché-Ridden Convention in the American West (A Town Called Mercy)

“Fallacies and falsehoods there were from time immemorial”: Justice, Angel One, When The Bough Breaks

“...dispersed in clouds of narrative language”: R-Really?! For Beautiful Women, "Canon" is the Keyword to Escape (With Love from the Lovely Angels Part 2)

“Are you making all the right moves? Or are you going through the motions?”: Are You Serious? A Condo is a Dangerous Place to Live

My Multi-Dimensional Enfolded Realities Concept (The Last War in Albion Part 51: Len Wein's Phonecall, Rhizome)

The Terror Answered: I Am Orc (The Last War in Albion Part 46: William Blake, Captain Britain in The Daredevils)

The Day I Finished It, He Died (The Last War in Albion Part 31: Abelard Snazz, Moore's Early and Middle Future Shocks)

Call Vala From her Close Recess (The Last War in Albion Part 25: Alan Moore's Future Shocks, Battle Picture Weekly)

Dawn Transformed the Sky into an Abattoir (The Last War in Albion Part 20: Moores' Doctor Who Comics)

I Don't Have to Have a Cat Die in Order to Produce a Good Work (The Last War in Albion Part 15: Alan Moore's Pre-Professional Work, Children's Comics, Maxwell the Magic Cat)

“But I have promises to keep/And miles to go before I sleep/And miles to go before I sleep.”: For The World Is Hollow And I Have Touched The Sky

Uncontaminated by Effect and Consequence (The Last War in Albion Part 14: Obscenity and Alan Moore's Juvenilia)

We've Unpicked The Thread Of The World (The Last War in Albion Part 13: Roscoe Moscow, Arcade, Madness)

Wiping Moscow From The Face of the Earth Would Be Fine (The Last War in Albion Part 9: Starblazer, the Pulps, Russian Structuralism)

“A world sinks thus; and yon majestic Heaven/Shines not the less for that one vanish'd star!”: The Immunity Syndrome

Superhuman Effort to Keep Things The Way They Are (The Last War in Albion Part 7: Captain Clyde, Superheroes)

Warriors in the Vale of Entuthon-Benython (The Last War in Albion Part 6: Captain Clyde and Scotland)

“It is said that the first sport, the original main event that thrilled the masses, considered the greatest spectacle of all, was the fight.”: The Squire of Gothos

“The following program contains material that may be disturbing. Viewer discretion is advised.”: The Menagerie

Your last memory is of receiving a contact from an unknown agency: me. Everything since has been erased from your minds. (The Mind of Evil)

The Assembled Hordes of Genghis Khan Couldn't Get Through Those Doors, and Believe Me, They've Tried (Marco Polo)

It’s October 22nd, 2006. My Chemical Romance are at number one with “Welcome to the Black Parade,” with Scissor Sisters, Girls Aloud, P. Diddy, and Meat Loaf also charting. Since the Battle of Canary Wharf, Twitter launched, a war broke out between Israel and Lebanon, and North Korea claimed to have conducted a nuclear test. While in the week before this story, the US actually gets around to confirming that North Korea had a nuclear weapons test, and the Iraq war keeps going badly.

On television, meanwhile, Torchwood debuts with Everything Changes. That Everything Changes tacks fairly straightforwardly to the approved Joseph Campbell playbook for origin stories is perhaps unsurprising. It is, after all, how you do these things, and no matter how popular Doctor Who is as a program, it would have been borderline suicidal to launch Torchwood with an episode that relied on the assumption that everybody knew who Jack was and what Torchwood did. And so we get an episode that, for most of its runtime, is a structural mirror of Rose: girl is witness to strange goings-on, investigates, and after a couple of tries is finally initiated into the mysteries of an already familiar series premise.

Like Rose, then, the premise of Torchwood lurks in the background of the episode. Much of the audience spends much of the episode knowing more than Gwen does about the show’s premise, and being introduced to it anyway. Captain Jack and Torchwood are both known quantities. Except that they’re not. Torchwood Three seems miles away from the slick corporate excess of Torchwood One, and, perhaps more importantly, Torchwood are clearly meant to be the heroes of this show, whereas just a few months earlier they were solidly villainous.

In this regard the outsider perspective is an odd barrier, in that Gwen asks what are, for the audience, mainly the wrong questions. The audience doesn’t need Torchwood explained so much as they need the relationship between this Torchwood and the Canary Warf operation from Army of Ghosts explained, but Gwen, as a genuine neophyte, doesn’t know to ask that question. Similarly, the question really isn’t who Jack is and where he came from, nor even why he’s immortal (the answer clearly being “some bit of technobabble involving Rose’s resurrection of him), it’s “how did he get to Earth in the present day and what’s he doing running Torchwood,” both questions that Gwen, not having seen The Parting of the Ways, fails to ask.

Which is perhaps the most interesting thing about Everything Changes. Structurally, at least, it hums along at a brisk and followable pace. The Campbell-style call to adventure narrative is so shopworn that it manages to obscure the questions the audience comes to the program asking. We know so much about how this episode works and enough about Jack and Torchwood that we think we have all of its twists figured out ahead of time. Even the twist of Jack slipping retcon to Gwen is reasonably well-telegraphed - it’s the point in the narrative where the hero’s initiation is rejected and they make a failed return to normal life. About the only thing in the first portion of the episode that can be called a surprise is the explosion of blood when the Weevil attacks, and that’s not so much a narrative surprise as a cheap shock designed to flag the fact that this is post-watershed BBC Three and it can get away with things like that.

And then there’s Suzie. This twist is, of course, nicked from elsewhere - the fake lead character is a trick Joss Whedon semi-pulls in the first episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and pulls in a different sense over the first few episodes of Angel. In essence, you include a character who is set up to be a main character in the show, and then brutally kill them off early in the show. It’s a solid trick that efficiently shouts “anything can happen in this show,” and Davies is savvy to nick it, but just as with the “blonde girl in a horror movie unexpectedly kicks ass” trick he stole from Buffy for Rose, Davies actually quietly outdoes his inspiration. There he used the scene Whedon described Buffy stemming from instead of the scene Whedon actually opened the series with (in which the blonde girl turns out to be a vampire). Here he both carries off the idea Whedon never managed (in Buffy he failed to get the character listed as a main character, whereas in Angel he takes a half-season to enact his idea) and uses it to greater effect, not as a shock about how anything can happen in this show but as a shock that reveals that the underlying assumption the audience has been making all episode - that they know the premise of the show better than Gwen does - is totally wrong.

It’s important to note that the shock isn’t actually when Suzie turns out to be evil (the triple scene of Tosh, Owen, and Suzie all taking alien tech home establishes quickly that someone’s going to be evil, and given that Suzie’s got the bit of tech the episode is actually about, it’s pretty clear who it is), but when she shoots and seemingly kills Jack, which is completely against all of the rules. But really, that entire scene amounts to the episode steadily coming unglued, with everything we as viewers thought we knew about its premise unraveling before our eyes. And so by the end of it Jack becomes a source of real anxiety - a character we don’t entirely understand anymore, working for an organization we don’t entirely trust.

It’s easy to understate how remarkable a structure this is. Anyone who comes into Torchwood with a working knowledge of Doctor Who - which must have been the lion’s share of its audience - is set up to depart the first episode knowing less about what the show is like than they did coming in. This would have been easy to have not happen - there’s not actually that much done to make Torchwood unnerving. It’s really just Jack’s newfound immortality. But because that immortality is presented as an unexpected culmination to a comparatively straightforward plot it serves to make the entire show and premise strange.

It also presents what can charitably be called some problems for the show. First among them is that its main character is designed to frustrate expectations. The sexiest rogue in the universe that we knew and loved from the last five episodes of Christopher Eccleston’s run on Doctor Who is replaced by a character we are actively kept from enjoying too much. Interestingly, John Barrowman’s performance hasn’t modulated around this yet, which serves to make it more interesting and effective. Barrowman is still playing the sexy rogue in a television series that’s actively skeptical and suspicious of his character. In an odd way this is actually more effective than the later years of Torchwood in which the “Jack is a bastard” trope has been well-enough established. This early stage of Torchwood where Jack teeters on the edge between dangerous antihero and the lovable rogue from Doctor Who are pregnant with possibility.

This is, of course, terribly important for Torchwood, in that it quickly gives the show more interesting things to do than faff around waiting for the Doctor to show up in it. Torchwood was only going to work if it could distinguish itself from Doctor Who, and just adding more sex isn’t sufficient. And so it has to move Jack from being a popular character on Doctor Who to being the lead character of his own show. Adding to his character so that the role he played in Doctor Who is a slightly limiting subset of the character is necessary.

What’s more interesting, however, is that it’s specifically and more to the point exclusively Jack that’s used as the source of anxiety within the show. Torchwood as an institution is largely irrelevant - Torchwood Three is presented as essentially independent of the other Torchwoods, such that the evils of Torchwood One become a matter of “well that’s not our office.” This is remarkable - the entire conspiratorial plot that wound its way through the second season of Doctor Who is almost but not completely irrelevant to the show whose name it shares.

But equally non-anxious is the matter of aliens. Indeed, one of the most surprising things about Torchwood as it’s set up is that it’s an essentially optimistic show that presumes not just a future, but a long future. To declare in 2006 that “the twenty-first century is when everything changes” is quite bold, reaching forward and encompassing the next ninety-four years in a claim that presumably reaches far further. This is, of course, all perfectly ordinary within Doctor Who, which assumes millennia of futurity for the human race. Indeed, Davies flagged this idea way back in New Earth when (in a scene that got eaten by a camera malfunction) he endorsed the idea that history is cyclical and that there’s always a human race. Jack himself is a product of this reasoning as a fifty-first century man, although this isn’t stated in Torchwood.

But in a show set in the immediately contemporary world such a future-oriented scope is uncanny. To bind the day-to-day of life in Cardiff with a future history that not only spans centuries but that identifies the day-to-day of Cardiff as a cornerstone of that history is a remarkable perspective. It’s not, of course, unreconstructed utopian optimism. The future is inexorably linked to the alien, and serves within Torchwood a similar purpose as something haunting the world. The original title of the episode, “Flotsam and Jetsam,” is telling, suggesting that the episode’s image of the future’s (and past’s) debris endlessly washing into the world is central to Torchwood as an idea.

The present moment is haunted by the discarded relics of the very future it’s tasked with bringing about. That, within Torchwood, is what the alien stands for. This is not, in other words, just Doctor Who with more sex, for the simple reason that it takes as its central premise the very thing Doctor Who actively rejects - the idea of characters who are actually bound to the arc of history. Doctor Who has always (well, except for a few years in the early 70s, about which we’ll really have to talk in more detail one of these entries) been a show about falling out of the world, but Torchwood is a show about living in the world as the arc of history extends unfathomably in every direction.

Put another way, in Doctor Who the alien is a destination - it’s what the show brings us to. Even when it stays in contemporary Earth settings, it’s about the world of strangeness and about living within that world. But Torchwood is about living adjacent to the alien. There’s no destination - just the day-to-day business of waking up in a world where strange things happen. None of the major characters in Torchwood belong to the world of death and epics except, perhaps, for Jack, whose relationship with death is best described, at this point, in terms of Facebook: it’s complicated.

But we still have, if you will, the Problem of Suzie, a character who is consumed by the epic and by death until it takes over her life and, eventually, kills her. If the job of Torchwood is understood as providing a buffer between the onrushing future and the present moment, Suzie serves as a chilling reminder of the cost of this. By placing one foot in the world of the epic, Torchwood doom themselves to eventually get pulled into it, chewed up, and spat back out. And so the long future that Torchwood assumes as part of its premise becomes a source of both wonder and anxiety injected into the day-to-day.

It is by no means perfect. Things rankle - most obviously Owen, whose casual use of sci-fi rape goes unremarked upon in a way that is absolutely awful. (I suspect the goal is to establish Owen as a particularly on-edge and dangerous person, but it’s completely miscued by dint of the fact that rape is not merely edgy, it’s horrible and wrong and makes him every bit as bad as Suzie. It’s appalling, is easily the worst thing Russell T Davies has ever written, and is in fact considerably worse than anything Moffat has ever written for Doctor Who.) More broadly, the narrative gravity asserted by its spin-off status is such that most of these ideas are, at this point, inchoate possibilities. Which is fine. There is, in fact, quite a lot of Torchwood for them to develop over; its forty-one episodes make it longer than the Peter Davison era in screentime. Not everything can possibly be set up in the first fifty minutes. What we have here is, at least, an interesting start worthy of further exploration, and a set of ideas that at least make the prospect of a Doctor Who spin-off essential. When spinning off a show whose premise allows it to do absolutely anything, that alone is a major accomplishment.

"And then there’s Suzie. This twist is, of course, nicked from elsewhere - the fake lead character is a trick Joss Whedon semi-pulls in the first episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and pulls in a different sense over the first few episodes of Angel. In essence, you include a character who is set up to be a main character in the show, and then brutally kill them off early in the show."

To be fair to Davies, it's quite likely that he was just as influenced by the first series of [spooks] (or [MI-5] in the US) where a huge amount of publicity was headlined by the actress Lisa Faulkner (at that point the most recognisable actor in the series), only for her character to be brutally killed off in one of the most unpleasant deaths ever seen on tv (she is shoved head first into a restaurant's deep fat fryer) in the second episode.

But as you say, the bigger twist with Suzy is having her as the villain: which makes me believe that the comparative morality of the other characters is deliberate. Had Davies continued in the role as head writer, I imagine that this would have been dealt with more, er, artfully. But instead it's made with too heavy a hand.

Having said that, anecdotal I know, but my experience was that Torchwood was more well liked amongst the 18-30 something audience than Doctor Who, which this series was specifically designed for, seeing as that was the part of the audience that seemed o have least interest in watching the parent show.

For all fandom's complaints about Torchwood, it cannot ever be deemed a failure: it's first series started on BBC3 (with a repeat on BBC2), it's second premiered on BBC2 (with a repeat on it's former channel); it's third series premiered on BBC1; and fourth (and so far final) series premiered on US cable channel STARZ. I find it hard pressed to think of any other tv series that has had that kind of life, possibly ever.

I have to take issue with this. This is a claim made by one man with a grudge against Blunkett (Narey) with no proof or secondary substantiation... That is not journalism and that is not the standard I'd expect from this blog...

It's almost sad that the readership of this blog is so much less concerned with the RTD vs Moffat fight than some parts of fandom. Almost. But not really.

I'd presume the 'lead character twist' would initially stem from Pyscho, being the earliest and most notorious example of that kind of shock that I can think of.

It's hard to be concerned when RTD and Moffat are not the ones actually doing the fighting - it's just a bunch of child-like people who ironically identify themselves as fans.

I was going to say there is no more a fight than there was between JNT and RTD, but then JNT died a year before Doctor Who was recommissioned - I wonder what JNT would have have said about these early years of Nu-Who?

Nor, I would add, necessary. I remember feeling, as watched episodes 1 and 2 back to back on BBC3, that RTD had written a reasonable pilot episode.

Oh no, just because it's adult doesn't mean it's about sex. Blah blah blah. Then, watching "Day One" it's about some sex drug alien thing. It was as if RTD told the other writers not to be naughty while he was out and they promptly ignored it. Crass, pointless, dross.

According to wikipedia there's an (uncited) RTD quote "when we're launching a new adult science fiction drama, it's kind of inevitable you're going to do the sex monster". It felt to me more like "when launching a new adult show, let's put the sex in as soon as possible because it's easier than being intelligent..."

I tried for a few episodes of Torchwood after that, but it really didn't work for me. Cyberwoman I can handle, Small Worlds I spent the entire time thinking "WTF?" and after watching Countrycide I just felt ... this was a grubby, tawdry misconceived train wreck. I didn't return until Children of Earth which was much better. But, sadly, when Miracle Day came on I just had no enthusiasm.

It's the old question of whether it was a critical failure or a ratings failure. Eastenders is far more successful than Torchwood ever was, and yet it is unlikely that Easties has ever been lauded as a critical success.

Personally my experience with Torchwood was uncannily similar to when I first saw Twin Peaks. I was blown away by the first episode and told everyone to watch it, only to be profoundly disappointed and embarrassed by the second.

What's also perhaps interesting, is the sheer amount of "Who-ness" over such a short period of time:

Between "Combat" (a Christmas Eve episode!) and "Captain Jack Harkness", we get "The Runaway Bride". And on the same day as the double-banked Torchwood finale (1st Jan), we also get SJA's pilot episode, "Invasion of the Bane".

So, between 24th December 2006 and 1st January 2007, that's 3 Torchwood episodes, 1 Who episode, and another spin-off pilot episode. Not bad going for a show which is still, for all intents are purposes, still quite new.

Like I said in an earlier post, from what I can remember of Torchwood (and admittedly I dropped out of it fairly early on, so I freely admit this might be a not-entirely accurate observation), Torchwood to some degree seemed to go a bit too far in the other direction to how Philip describes "Totally Doctor Who" (albeit from the sound of things being much better), in that it was a bit cynically 'adult'. It threw in things like the sex alien and all the gore because it was basically showing off how 'adult' it was and, well, those are the sort of things that adults want.

Is Torchwood One solidly villanous? All the villainous bits are told, not shown. There is an established plot role in Doctor Who of the basically decent group of people who fail to listen to the Doctor's warnings until it's too late. They fall squarely into that. Hartman says she wants to bring back the Empire, and most viewers of Doctor Who will vaguely be aware that's not the sort of thing we approve of in this television program. But she doesn't actually try to take over any foreign countries on screen. And likewise, she tells the Doctor she's taken him prisoner and he can't leave. But since she's giving him a tour of the place and that's what he wants, on screen she's less obstructive than e.g. the crew of the sand miner in Robots of Death or many other bases under siege. And her final scene in which she betrays the cybermen might be intended as an ironic comment - she was effectively a cyberman already - but it comes over as her devotion to her ideals give her sufficient willpower to save the day.

"When we're launching a new adult science fiction drama it's kind of inevitable you're going to do the sex monster. Right from the start I said there would be something that got down and dirty. That's Chris Chibnall, that's what he came up with, a sex gas orgasm eating monster, how could you not watch that, what a brilliant bit of telly."

The production circumstances of Torchwood are a fascinating story I'm looking forward to see being covered. My hypothesis going in is that RTD and the other producers for Torchwood: Miracle Day badly misjudged the strategy for capturing an audience on American TV with its very different character from British TV. The progression in its first three seasons was clear. Good ratings on BBC3 gets a second series commissioned and it goes to BBC2. The second series does similarly well in ratings and the third commissioned series is a piece of major special event TV on BBC1.

"Ok!" says Davies. "I've moved to Los Angeles with my hot reputation from my UK career; let's do it again!" So he gets Miracle Day commissioned at a smaller cable network first, the goal to capture successively larger audiences as future series are made. But all those BBCs the first three series ran on are different channels owned by the same company. Starz's parent company isn't another television station, but a corporate conglomerate.

And there is almost no original programming on Starz. Nobody really considers Starz a channel to sit down and watch, because for the most part, it's a generic "superstation" that plays movies, sports, and other people's programming. Miracle Day was the most high-profile piece of television Starz has yet made, and they show little interest in the AMC or FX model of producing a few flagship shows that are of high quality, popular with critics and young audiences who get most their tv by streaming and illegally downloading. I don't think Davies realized that signing with Starz was a promotional dead end.

Also, in the UK, if you pay your licence fee, you get all the BBC channels. Starz is a cable channel (and a lot of people in the USA don't have cable), and it's a mediocre cable channel that isn't necessarily included in a customer's bundle. And if it is, it's never promoted very prominently. One of the biggest shows in Britain tried to move to the USA, and it got stuck in a television ghetto.

I remember seeing this as one of several signs that Torchwood was a corrupt institution filled with morally shady people. One thing that interested me about the show, as I entered it, was the fact that I didn't feel I was expected to like the main characters.

Also: I'm pretty sure you meant to describe Jack as the "sexiest" rogue, not "sexist." (That would be Owen, I guess.)

Things rankle - most obviously Owen, whose casual use of sci-fi rape goes unremarked upon in a way that is absolutely awful. (I suspect the goal is to establish Owen as a particularly on-edge and dangerous person, but it’s completely miscued by dint of the fact that rape is not merely edgy, it’s horrible and wrong and makes him every bit as bad as Suzie. It’s appalling, is easily the worst thing Russell T Davies has ever written, and is in fact considerably worse than anything Moffat has ever written for Doctor Who.)

And this gets to the reason I found Season Two unwatchable after bravely and barely slogging my way through Season One. Season One established thoroughly that, with the possible exception of Ianto, every single character in this show was a thoroughly reprehensible human being about whom I cared not in the slightest. Season Two expected me to feel sorry for the rapist.

I've never watched "Children of Earth," which supposedly is actually good? But the season and a half I watched of Torchwood was bitter, cynical, and misanthropic, a joyless slog through horrible people fighting monsters because... that's what you do with monsters, I guess? Which I could handle if the plots were clever enough or if it were making some kind of interesting point... but they're not and it's not. It's just generic, pointless monster-of-the-week by people who seemed to have mistaken darkness, cynicism, and sex for maturity.

One moment I really appreciated in this episode was when the young man is briefly brought back from the dead, and he cries "There's nothing! Oh my God, there's nothing!" It's very rare for a sci-fi show to be properly atheistic, and this is a moment of properly adult horror: kids aren't yet concerned about their own mortality.

Of course, the show went on to completely cock up this aspect too, but hey ho. It was good while it lasted.

The sex alien episode was the first and last Torchwood episode I watched. Just... awful. Awful. Couldn't bring myself to watch it ever again.

Children of Earth has its moments - but most of these come when it's pretending to be a political thriller instead of ... you know ... Torchwood.

It's good, but in a watch-it-once-and-be-done-with-it kind of way. The only thing that would convince me to see it again would be an edit that only includes the scenes featuring Peter Capaldi.

I was optimistic about the show after watching Everything Changes, though I was wary about the gore content (I'm not a fan of blood and guts). Day One, however, put me right off it. I still watched every episode (except Adrift, which I missed because they moved it and I was away for a fortnight so didn't see the change to program the PVR accordingly) because I'm a bit of a completist; but I haven't gone back to rewatch any of them except Small Worlds, Random Shoes, From Out of the Rain and Children of Earth.

For my brother and I, Torchwood continued to be "Doctor Who with sex and crying" until Children of Earth. Which was absolutely the pinnacle of Torchwood and Captain Jack. Of course, we'll get to the problems and successes of Torchwood as time rolls on.

"If it's alien, it's ours!" Is a fairly heinous ideal. The idea that just because it's landed on Earth it becomes the property of the British Empire is strictly villainous within the lens of Doctor Who. They have a lust for knowledge, not for it's own sake, not to celebrate the wonder of the Universe, but to militarize and make war. These are the people who shot down the Sycorax. They put a New-Labour corporate sheen on it, but they are still the same thugs.

I disagree. I love Children of Earth and think it holds up very well. It shows what happens when you make compromises and fight aliens with those morally reprehensible methods. I think it's brilliant. I think it's Captain Jack's finest appearance.

I dunno, I was pretty terrified of the idea of oblivion as a kid. I mean, I still am, but I remember that if I thought about it too much I'd get the physical sensation of fear. Couldn't have been more than 10.

That is a fairly heinous ideal. But it's told not shown; it's an informed attribute. It would only take a slight change of shading in the dialogue to get Warehouse 13. It's not as if we see them doing anything outright evil, such as using alien pheromones as a date rape drug.

We saw them blow up a retreating foe. We've seen them performing experiments heedless of the possible dangers. Also being told something is still meaningful. This is stated as a straightforward and core principal by the woman in charge. If she's willing to state it so completely bluntly, then I think we can take her at her word.

Furthermore one of Davies tricks is to tell not show, and sometimes that is completely viable. We don't have time in the season finale of Doctor Who to get all the way into Torchwood's villainy. There are more important things at play.

All things being equal I prefer sweet and hopeful to bitter and cynical, and Children of Men is certainly the latter. Still, it's effective bitter and cynical television. Whereas most of the episodes from the first two series of Torchwood were not effective.

That said, Captain Jack's finest appearance is The Doctor Dances. Moffat is the only person who can write him.

Torchwood wasn't exactly privy to the details of why the Sycorax ship appeared to be leaving (it could easily have been with the intent to "nuke'em from orbit" as far as anyone not in the Doctor's immediate presence knew). Furthermore, they were directed to fire on the ship by the Prime Minister of Great Britain who did so after being told by the Doctor that the Sycorax would otherwise go out into the universe and tell every other potential invader that Earth's sole defense was a dilettante Time Lord who shows up at the last minute in a bathrobe to save the day through some contrived means. Granted, that wasn't the message Ten sought to convey but it was obviously the message Harriet Jones received and Ten would have known that if he weren't tragically oblivious to the effect of his personality on other people.

I'd love to talk to RTD and ask him whether he thought "Children of Earth" vindicated Harriet Jones, since it was basically the nightmare scenario of what would happen when aliens invade while the Doctor is off taking a nap.

The only moment where I found Owen remotely likeable was in "Adam" where his entire personality had been remolded by the MotW. In every other episode I found him mildly repellant at best.

What I enjoyed about Torchwood when it first started was this combination of very bleak subject matter with an action aesthetic and a wickedly dark and offensive sense of humour. I saw all that promise in Everything Changes: an episode where we at first think we know everything because we've been watching the Torchwood setup on Doctor Who. Then we get to Cardiff and discover that it's actually incredibly weird.

I think the problem with the show was that a lot of the writers just weren't talented enough to combine the weirdness, terror, darkness, and humour smoothly in a single story simultaneously with revealing character moments. (Flashes of trauma from the Saward era again). Come to think of it, Chibnall in this period reminds me quite a bit of Eric Saward. He had much more experience writing film and television than Saward when the latter started on Doctor Who. But their scripts suffer from the same flaws: simple plots, a dearth of character work, a reliance on action for plot progression and resolution. There was also an over-reliance of scenes where Jack would stand on a building overlooking Cardiff while a very expensive helicopter shot showed how brooding and deep he was, which got excessive and unintentionally funny.

This is why Torchwood didn't really hold my attention again until Children of Earth hit. They couldn't keep all their plates spinning. It's probably unreasonable to expect this, but after Everything Changes, my hope was that at least the majority of the episodes would be able to keep these in dynamic tension. Instead, the bulk of the episodes in season one became too much of an action show. Too much post-watershed Mind of Evil; not enough post-watershed Claws of Axos; definitely not enough post-watershed Ghost Light, which would have been a wonderful direction to pursue.

Those season one Torchwood episodes that lived up to their potential: Everything Changes, some moments of Ghost Machine, Small Worlds, They Keep Killing Suzie, and Random Shoes (despite its sentimentality).

The fact they're willing to blow a retreating ship out of the sky goes a long way to establishing their character. They aren't under the authority of the Prime Minister. She isn't even cleared to know about them. That doesn't fly except as them covering their own asses. Getting a politician to take the fall for them is not something you want in a secret service. The fact it was Harriet Jones' call is not relevant as to the moral fiber of Torchwood. What is relevant is their actions.

Torchwood, specifically this episode, was actually my introduction to Doctor Who universe. Don't get me wrong, I knew about Doctor Who (I lived in Europe as a kid in the 90's and attended a school that was mostly populated with the British children of expats), but I had never actually seen it and had no way to watch it, nor did I really care about watching it because I didn't know a whole lot about it.

But then I heard of this science fiction show that not only had a gay (well, pansexual) main character (which is still a huge deal today, because I can't think of any other sci-fi show that has an LGBT main character), but one of the main characters was also Sarah (Naoko Mori) from Absolutely Fabulous (aka my favorite TV show).

So I came into "Everything Changes" not knowing anything about the Doctor Who mythos, with no idea that Torchwood was at one time sinister, or what Jack was doing with that weird hand in a jar, or why he was able to die and then come back to life. And for the most part, I enjoyed it. Sure, there were stupid episodes (I'm talking about the sex gas episode, of course, but also that random finale), but for the most part I enjoyed the first season - "Greeks Bearing Gifts" and "Captain Jack Harkness" and "They Keep Killing Suzie" were some of my favorites. The show was not quite as enjoyable on rewatch, but it does hold a special place in my heart for getting me into Doctor Who in the first place. (For the record, after finishing season 1 of Torchwood, the next thing I watched was the pilot episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures, then Martha's season of Doctor Who, then seasons 1 and 2 in order). I didn't find season two of Torchwood as entertaining, mostly because of the fact that they killed off Goddess Toshiko, but there were some great episodes - the one with Toshiko and the soldier comes to mind, as well as the one with Owen and the girl on top of the roof when you think they're both going to kill themselves.

I didn't have a huge problem with Children of Earth - there were some truly terrifying parts, specifically the government sitting around deciding who to sacrifice, but Miracle Day was a mess. Esther (and Rex, to a lesser extent) was a great character, but the show over all was overly long, way too cynical, and it suffered from not introducing the villains until the last episode.

Torchwood definitely had some problems, but I still enjoyed it. I think it helped to come into it as a newcomer - after I watched all of the spin offs, it became my least favorite of the three shows, even though it's the only one I've seen all of the episodes of.

In fairness, I gave up on the show during season two, and while I eventually watched Children of Earth on hearing it was worth a look I never went back to watch the episodes I missed. So for all I know there's a gem hidden in there somewhere.

After the horror that was Miracle Day, I'm not sure I can be persuaded to come back yet again should the program ever return.

It's clear from The Christmas Invasion that we're supposed to agree that shooting down the Sycorax ship is wrong. I think we're also supposed to believe that it's not as morally wrong as the Doctor says it is. Harriet Jones is not otherwise presented as someone who would make an outright villainous decision. So if it's not villainous for her to want to shoot the ship down, it can't be villainous of Torchwood to shoot the ship down.

There are certainly times when telling is better than showing. But there are reasons why show not tell is the more general maxim.

Phil says in the West Wing episode that it doesn't matter that viewers follow what's said in the dialogue so long as they understand how the characters are reacting to what's said. Just as well for modern Doctor Who since between actors, director, and the score, no writer should count on the audience actually hearing any given line. And I don't think anyone who didn't catch Hartman's actual words, but merely went on the feel of the scene, would gather that Hartman is supposed to be a straight villain. The Doctor doesn't react as he would to a straight villain. Up to this point, whenever Davies has wanted us to think someone is a straight villain he's rammed the point home with a siege engine.

Yay, Torchwood! I've been really looking forward to this because I'm not very familiar with the series, having only seen some of Children of Earth because BBC America was playing it and I left it on when my friends were over and we found ourselves engrossed; and "Everything Changes", which I watched that night. The description of the second episode has kept me from seriously pursuing it for a couple years.

That said, I had been generally aware of it as the "Captain Jack and associated adult content" spin-off of Doctor Who, and I knew about Jack and Ianto and Gwen and Rhys, and all the major deaths. So I knew about Jack's invincibility and Suzi's, and I never really absorbed or bought into the fact that you were supposed to believe she was a member of the main cast. I did, however, see the Whedon influence when watching Buffy and Angel. (Is Angel perhaps an influence, at least in the sense of it being a "more adult spin-off"?)

When watching "Everything Changes", I did notice how it paralleled the typical companion introduction story, at least from the new series. But because I hadn't watched this in the appropriate order with Doctor Who, I completely missed how out-of-sync it is regarding Torchwood and Jack. Thanks for that. It's interesting.

Oh, and the ridiculously spurting blood from the Weevil is rather unsettling to someone who is used to watching American post-watershed shows, which are still relatively censored.

For the record, the Wikipedia quote is sourced to the Declassified episode; the ref is just placed at the end of the appropriate section (before it switches to things that are referenced by the episode's DVD commentary).

Hey, I wonder if we're going to cover the almost-made American version of Torchwood? Aside from following the tiresome footsteps of remaking British shows when American audiences are perfectly capable of watching them, supposedly Fox passed on the series because they were uncomfortable with Jack being omnisexual.

I remember following all the Torchwood press as they were rolling it out, and Suzie was always treated clearly as a lead character in all the press materials. I think she was even billed above Tosh and Ianto, but my memory can't be sure. I was open-mouth shocked and impressed when she was basically killed off. It was some of the best audience manipulation I had ever seen, and I was considerably impressed.

Yeah...that kind of thing is what is lost when watching something as it did not air. I'd never seen promotional material with Suzie. RTD was really good at being in touch with the public, but that effect is lost when looking at things from a future perspective (see: The End of Time).

I think Owen was my favourite Torchwood character. Not as a person but as a character. The casting certainly helped; apparently the original plan was to cast a hunk.

One mistake of sequencing, I thought, was to show the implicitly pro-afterlife "Random Shoes" immediately after the implicitly anti-afterlife "They Keep Killing Suzie." It's too jarring; they should have had a couple of episodes in between.

"But, then again, I think the great thing about, uh, Doctor Who's, I think, "I don't want to go", and then he's pratting around, complaining about his chin a moment later. And if I'd been Bernard Cribbins in that little, that thing, I'd be saying, "Doctor, I'm actually going to die, you're gonna get a bit younger and stupider hair, okay? Between the two of us, you can let me out, and you can get a refit, all right? Ya selfish bastard." "

Yeah, as an eight-year-old, the idea of oblivion was really thoroughly chilling, one of the things I could be kept up at night thinking about.

The casting certainly helped: Burn Gorman is a seriously good actor, and manages to make a pretty repellent charater interesting.

Try as I might, I can't see what the problem is with seeing Owen using the magic alien attracto-spray. He's a cunt. Of course he's going to do that.

I personally thought the best episode of season 1 (and possibly the whole show) by a long shot was "Small Worlds" (which actually got me into Sapphire and Steel, which as you know is great), and that overall season 2 hung together better than season 1. Children of Earth I felt started really really well but ended badly.

What comes over most about Torchwood One (at least for me) is smugness and hubris. They have an unshakeable faith in the fact that they are right in their beliefs. Unfortunately they take little responsibility for their actions, which sets them up for their big fall later on. In a funny way this almost parallels the "hubris and arrogance" arc the whole series allegedly has for the Doctor and Rose. Doomsday therefore ends with two misguided "people" (the Doctor and Torchwood) getting their comeuppance.

I've watched all of Torchwood, and over the years I've tried to analyze what is wrong with it. Because there is a lot wrong with it. Some stories just work, and others just don't, but the series as a whole...has a "wrongness" about it. I think for me it's down to the fact that the characters are so flawed. Too flawed than is normal for a TV series. We have our standard characters in TV - the damaged detective, the tart with a heart, the unsufferable jobsworth, the list is endless - and most ensemble casts are made up of an assortment of types who somehow work together. In most drama a character's flaws enable the drama, either by creating plot conflict that other characters have to solve (and thereby teaching the flawed character a valuable lesson), or by resolving an already extant plot (and thereby showing that some flaws can be beneficial). A perfect example of this is Mr Spock's half-human aspect, which at different times has hampered him and allowed him to save the day.

But the Torchwood characters are all damaged, far more so than is usual in an effective ensemble cast. At first we think we understand the team: Jack's the "Captain Kirk-ish" boss, Owen the brilliant but misogynistic Doctor, Tosh the brilliant but mousey scientist. Suzie and Tosh are driven by their desire for knowledge, while Owen is driven by his desire for pleasure. Ianto is basically the only decent character, and Gwen arrives as the Conscience of the group. So far so good. But as the series unfolds Jack becomes petulant and unlikeable, Gwen has a guilty affair with Owen, Suzie is paranoid beyond belief, and even Ianto betrays us with his guilty Cyberwoman secret.

The whole cast effectively lets us down, and none of them every really redeems themselves, at least not in the way that feels right. Every time one of them appears to make a selfless act, the show throws it back in our faces. Owen saves Tosh and Jack by opening the Rift, but Jack refuses to acknowledge it and never says thanks. Owen himself appears to get his just desserts when the glove brings him back undead, but this doesn't cause any kind of character reassessment on his part. Instead he just becomes more miserable, but with his misogynist teeth effectively pulled.

Torchwood's lesson appears to be that working here will corrupt you and ruin you, and you will eventually die unthanked, unloved, and unremembered...and nobody is strong enough to resist this fate. Not even an immortal man who really should know better.

"Children of Earth" is possibly Torchwood's finest hour (well, 5 hours) because it plays far more like how we expected Torchwood to be and wasn't. The 456 are unambiguously villainous, the UK government is unambiguously complicit, and the 3 remaining Torchwood members are unambiguously Good. Now imagine the first two series played the same way. In fact imagine the other extreme as the episode "Adam". If Torchwood had been pitched somewhere between the two, I think it would have worked far better.

I think Davies is on record as saying that Angel was the model they were thinking about as they did it. I think it was a risky model to follow: Angel often achieved brilliance but never quite settled down into something consistently successful.

The 456 are unambiguously villainous, the UK government is unambiguously complicit, and the 3 remaining Torchwood members are unambiguously Good.

I would not say the ending of that miniseries was unambiguously good. The fact that Jack has to make an ambiguously good decision is part of the point, isn't it?

To your larger point: The fact that the characters were all so damaged was part of what I initially liked about the series. Doctor Who loves to play with the idea that the Doctor is bad for the people he encounters, but as Phil has pointed out the show can't embrace that idea without destroying its premise. Torchwood looked like a chance to really explore the concept without flinching. I think that's a great idea for a show. I just didn't think the writing was good enough to execute the concept properly.

While Harriet Jones might not make an outright villainous choice, she can make one that is morally bankrupt. And that makes no bearing on Torchwood because they do not answer to her. Harriet Jones is not even cleared to know they exist. They do what she wants because then they don't have to accept responsibility for their actions. The architect of England's golden age...a patsy for an Imperialist dingbat.

Here Tell don't Show is much better. The episode has more important things going on than Torchwood. Specifically Rose being separated from the Doctor. While it might have been more satisfying to get a huge in depth exploration of the destructive and exploitative activities Torchwood undertakes, we need expediency here to keep the episode moving.

Hartman is villainous, but she's a small minded tyrant. While she is capable of evil, she's very much in the vein of a Robert Holmes villain. She's in over her head. A corporate CEO playing with the walls between reality. She's not Davros, she's someone who's pettiness of scope causes almost incalculable harm and does not really care. In a serial without Cybermen or the Daleks she'd take center stage. With them she just doesn't have the narrative room and is therefore consumed by the Cybermen.

I agree that there could be a Doctor Who story in which Torchwood One were the villains. However, as you say Army of Ghosts/ Doomsday is about daleks and cybermen and the Doctor losing Rose. And so Army of Ghosts/ Doomsday is not that Doctor Who story. It's not even that Hartman doesn't have narrative room to be the central villain. She's pushed out of the villain role altogether. If you replaced Torchwood One with more morally sympathetic characters you'd get exactly the same plot and almost exactly the same emotional beats. In fact, the emotional beats work better if you see Hartman as someone with a tragic flaw.

You can have extremely damaged characters, but you have to have some relatively good ones to balance it out. Like a D&D troupe, for every Chaotic fighter you need a Paladin for contrast. Each brings out the best (narratively speaking) in the other. The first ever Torchwood story promised us that balance, at least in Gwen and Jack (who we had a right to expect decent behaviour of, if we knew him from Doctor Who). But it pretty much becomes clear that Jack has hardly any moral compass left, while Gwen's is easily swayed by Owen's magnetic personality (see what I did there?).

Jack's decision to sacrifice his own Grandchild wasn't that ambiguous. It was no decision at all. Faced with the choice between one child and millions, Kirk, Picard, and even the Doctor would have made the same decision. It was the right decision. It was only the presence of his daughter (the boy's mother) that made it a harrowing decision...but it wasn't a wrong one.

All through Children of Earth the Torchwood team behaved exemplarily, with none of the self-serving bitchiness we'd seen in the preceding seasons. They may have made the wrong decisions at times, but they made them for all the right reasons. In short they behaved like heroes.

Jack is doing the wrong thing in the flashback. (To be honest, it's hard to see how that can be reconciled with the Jack we see in Doctor Who from Season Three onwards.) But yes, modern Jack is doing the right thing, although I'd argue that kind of decision ought to be harrowing even if you grant it's no decision at all.

The Doctor wouldn't. The Doctor would have pulled something out of his ass to save the day without sacrificing anyone. It's the law of the Doctor's narrative universe and it's the promise of his name.

(I mean, frankly, so would Kirk and Picard, because it's the law of their narrative universes just as much as it's the law of The Doctor's narrative universe. But it's not specifically a character trait for them the way it is for The Doctor.)

(This, vis a vis Star Trek, annoyed the hell out of me in that one late-TNG episode. Deanna takes the command officer's exam, and she keeps failing the not-the-Kobyashi-Maru test because she keeps trying to find a way to save the ship without sacrificing Geordi, and the point of the test is to see if you're willing to order one of your crew to their death for the greater good. Which is fine, except that literally every time a comparable scenario comes up in the actual-reality of the show, they find another way and don't send a regular to their death. Outside of the simulation, the narrative laws of the universe mean you would NEVER send Geordi to his death. The closest might be that you'd order him not to go to his death, and he'd disobey orders and go anway, nobly sacrificing himself. And even then, it'd only be in a movie, possibly a season finale, not just some random episode.)

No you wouldn't. That's not how stories are put together. If you had a more morally together set of characters you'd have a completely different feel to it. YMMV on looking at her as flawed, but I personally can't stand her imperialist tripe.

In reply to Adam, who said, "Miracle Day was the most high-profile piece of television Starz has yet made, and they show little interest in the AMC or FX model of producing a few flagship shows that are of high quality, popular with critics and young audiences...."

To be fair, Starz has actually shown quite a bit of interest in following HBO and Showtime by developing a few flagship shows. It's just that they're terrible at it.

Their next attempt at a big series is Ronald D. Moore's adaptation of the Outlander/Cross Stitch novels.

Also, I would argue Miracle Day is not most high-profile thing that Starz has made so far. That would be Spartacus, which lasted three seasons. It didn't exactly get blockbuster ratings, but it did better than anything else on Starz -- admittedly not saying much -- and got critical acclaim. It was from former Buffy writer Steven S. DeKnight and producers Rob Tapert and Sam Raimi. I've only seen the first six episodes but it's much better than you would expect, and starts getting really interesting a few episodes in.

One of the biggest problems is that Starz is a third-rate premium movie channel at best. It costs something like an extra $15 a month just for the Starz package and that's nobody's first choice over HBO or Showtime.

Almost sad, are you kidding? Apart from Philip's excellent writing, I come here partly to get away from silly RTD v Moffat infighting. It's pathetic, tiresome and entirely unnecessary.

Elizabeth Bell worked at PETER SIMPSON MARKETING LIMITED as Secretary, S E A LIMITED as Secretary, THORNTON INTERIOR DESIGN LIMITED as Secretary.

Elizabeth Bell worked as Secretary at PETER SIMPSON MARKETING LIMITED from 01 October 1997 to 29 January 1998

Elizabeth Bell worked as Secretary (RESOURCES MANAGER) at THORNTON INTERIOR DESIGN LIMITED from 08 March 1998 to 09 June 2000

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The deadly shooting last week at an Oregon community college has an eerie parallel with the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School that killed 20 pupils and six adult staff members in 2012.

Like Adam Lanza, the gunman in the Connecticut massacre, Christopher Harper-Mercer was living a mostly solitary life with a mom who shared his fascination with firearms.

Both stories illustrate the struggles parents face caring for a deeply troubled child, struggles that can inadvertently lead to a volatile outcome made easier by ready access to weaponry.
